Iron Ring
This ring made of wrought iron, is worn on the finger. It is strong enough to occaisonally tear the flesh of others when attacking, causing bleeding and injury.
Fine Steel Abacus
This abacus is forged of pitch-black, shiny steel and the abacus beads are marked with symbols, which are often used for divination. The abacus contains a hidden mechanical enclosure, allowing the abacus beads to fly out of the tray, to possibly harm others.
Lone Wolf Shackle
The Lone Wolf Shackle is a long shackle with spikes, often tied to the weapon through the handguard to increase its power.  Those who see this weapon being swung may find it difficult to get close, or they may easily be injured by the sharp spikes.
Zhang Fei Bone
"The most powerful generals in Shu are those who fly." Zhang Fei's bone is made of gold and iron. It is huge and curved, with an extremely hard texture. When stirred, it can bring strong wind and lift heavy objects. The wind force breaks the ground and disrupts the movement of others.
Ghost Order Tiger Talisman
The Ghost Order Tiger Talisman is shaped like a crouching tiger, and the tiger's body is embedded with gold inscriptions. By carrying this item on the waist, people will become braver. It often seems to grant the help of invisible ghosts. Sometimes there will be more blood when they attack people.
Six Armor Mystical Mirror
In Jin Dynasty, "The Legend of the Immortals": "You understand the six elements, you can use ghosts and gods to sit and cook." It is said that those who have mastered the six elements can master the art of transformation. If you can understand the meaning of this treasure, you will always be able to transform yourself when you are using your power, and no one else will be able to predict your actions.
Tiger Vajra Stand
"Driving a chi dragon and the northern expedition", chi tiger, is a chi dragon, because of its head and claws similar to walking animals and blackmail called tiger, has always been the power, the evidence of the gods. Shuyi carved on the chi tiger, is to borrow the courage of God and Buddha, strong, to get a moment of bravery and unstoppable spirit and awe-inspiring.
Solar True Fire Pearl
"Chew the essence, breath the sun", Solar true fire is originally produced by Di Jun, the Solar true fire pearl contains great yang energy, as if being roasted by the fire of God, holding this pearl in the hand, the hand feels fiery, While breathing, the whole body unconsciously has been enveloped by the energy of extreme yang, so whenever action is taken, as if bringing fire, its fiery touch will hurt people.
Dragon-Subduing Ring
Xuan iron cast into the finger ring, shaped in the shape of descending dragon on it, its shape is vicious, the dragon's head in the tail, the main living people kill the power. Xuan iron attracts the Qi of the descending dragon, the wearer as the power of life and death, but heard the sound of breaking air bursts, the wound are like the evil dragon wound, the situation is hideous and difficult to cure.
Copper Beads
The beads are made of copper, with a mechanism inside, and they make a crisp sound when shaken. When you wear the beads on your body, you can check the stability of your lower plate.
Silver Judges
Silver Judges pen, more than seven inches long, seemingly heavy and light, seemingly clumsy and clever, no internal force can also be used freely, the holder is calm and relaxed, calm demeanor, as if a judge style.
Chaotian Toad
The toad is a face-up toad ornament, chic and exquisite, its four feet embedded with tiny organs, can make the toad stand firmly on the ice, mud and sand, etc., quite magical and clever.
Cabernet Sauvignon
"Four bright three thousand miles, the morning rise of the red city haze. When the sun rises, the red light is scattered, and the light shines on the snow cliff. It is named after the color of the red clouds, and when it is left to stand, the light will be scattered and colorful.
Fused Gold Seal
The gold seal is made by melting down the gold vessel and casting it. The golden seal has a brilliant golden body, hard and heavy texture, and is very expensive because of the complicated process of casting, so in ancient times, only kings and generals could use it.
Weiling Tripod
Weiling is the spirit of the gods. Its body is engraved with the four spirits of Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Black Tortoise and Vermilion Bird, symbolizing "the four spirits of heaven, stabilizing the four directions".
Gold and Silver Stand
Modeling antique gold and silver lampstand, lamp base part is made of gold, silver scales, brilliant shape and color, the structure is exquisite, with wind condensation light, can make the light and shadow gathered but not scattered, moving but not shaking, according to legend is the Wei Jin famous craftsman Ma Jun creation.
Taiyin True Fire Pearl
The so-called "ancient Taiyin essence, the candle dragon is not inhabited, Xixi and less than", Taiyin true fire pearl color clarity, the texture of the cold, its frozen things, even if the candle dragon articulated shine, Xixi and light, but also can not be dissolved a little, can be described as a divine object.
Xuan Li Golden Book
Xuan Li, also known as "Xuan Chi", is an ancient mountain god who once rode for the king of Chu in his northern expedition. This book is made of gold water as ink and divine iron as a book, which records the origin of the mountain god "Xuan Chi" and the method of harnessing it, so there is a saying that "Xuan book seeks chi, ascends the sky and rides the clouds".
White Wooden Cow
The Gleanings: "King Goujian made workers to white oxen, shrine to the god of Kunwu." White cattle for the auspicious phase, since ancient times it is often used in sacrifices, white elm wood plastic white wood cattle, can drive away evil spirits to avoid evil.
18·Arhats
The eighteen disciples of Sakyamuni Buddha are always in the world, teaching and teaching, and the world is so grateful that they are called the Eighteen Luohan. By carving the eighteen Luohan in wood and chanting the sutras and reciting the Buddha's teachings, one can always have enlightenment and "see this formless body in the world of dirt and pollution", so that one's mind can gradually transcend the dirt and pollution and no one can be invaded.
Vermilion Lion Drawing
"lion, also eats tiger and leopard", the lion is the king of all animals, wood carving lion shape, cover with vermilion lacquer, painted with lacquer, into a vermilion lacquer lion figure. This figure is lifelike, fierce and extraordinary, carry around, with its might, can grasp the weak insects evil poison.
Phoenix Blood Wooden Fish
The fish is made of mahogany wood, which is hollow and has a soft musical sound when struck. "With its color and appearance, the fish can remind the world not to forget what is in their hearts, and the bearer can avoid harm by carrying it.
Four Kings Statue
The four heavenly kings are divided into four worlds, each with strange treasures and angry eyes. The four treasures are divided into four teachings: one seeks the perfection of things, two can break the worries, three can see clearly, and four keep a pure heart. If you get the statue of the four heavenly kings around you, the four treasures always bless, subdue the evil demons and ambush the evil monsters.
Corpse Dissolving Immortal
"The corpse dissolves the person, dissolves the form to the elephant, the snake sheds the cicada flies", the heavenly fragrance corpse dissolves the immortal with aroma, is a miniature wooden carved daoist robe, seems to be someone who has achieved the dao corpse dissolves the immortal and left behind. This corpse dissolution immortal can protect the person, so that it is not dirty from the earthly world, not trapped by the evil spirits, attracting people to the Tao.
Nanmu Beads
Hanging beads are worn differently, with Ganesha being the most expensive, usually only the high priests can wear them, and the disciples on the beads at the end of the mark to stay, the direction of each also requires. The aroma is sweet and rich, and the virtuous person who wears it can make people self-reflect at all times, increase the authority and power to remove the evil energy in eight directions.
Zhen Yuan Pearl
Zhen Yuan Zhu contains the essence of the Tibetan earth, the nature can be psychic, blowing "lofty moral wind", seems to pass "indifferent gods of the air". The function can dispel the four sides of the evil, in ten thousand a moment to town the spirit does not fly away, to protect a moment of life.
Clear Sky Tower
"Yuan Qi Hao Da, is called Hao Tian", Hao Tian Tower is originally held by God Hao Tian, now with a strange technique to shape the wooden tower, although not as powerful as this object, but also can set the heaven and earth energy in it, and this energy contains, protect the body and mind, but when the evil, it will be subdued in the tower, never escape.
White Plum Beads
There is a saying that "plum and snow compete for spring," the white plum is born in the snow, which fears the cold wind? This white plum hanging pearl like the spirit of white plum, clear and beautiful, carry around can also drive away the three points of the cold.
Cold Dissolving Beads
Ice melting into water is called ice solution. The ice solution beads are made of wood resulting in heat, warm, warm but not incandescent, can make the surrounding ice and snow gradually into water, so as to dissolve the cold.
Flaming Box
Wood and stone as a guide, save in the box, a step a shake, stone hit into fire, wood burning and blazing, called the fire light box, but because of its exquisite construction, the box is not burning. People can see the light of the fire, can feel the fire in the box blaze, but there is a cold place to put the box on it, the cold will be instantly dissolved and gone, so the body is hot.
Red Snake Pearl
The blood of the red snake is taken and dipped into the wooden beads, and the blood of the snake seeps into them, and after drying, the blood is not seen on the surface, but is contained inside. "The beads are made with auspicious energy and can shine in all directions. Where the light is spread, the cold and poisonous energy will be dispersed by the light, and the person will be blessed.
Blood Incense Pendant
Draw wood in the juice of blood, dyed wood, wearing a silk ribbon, can become a pendant. This pendant but encounter cold poison, wood blood will seep out from the incense wood, as blood dew on it, suddenly, the blood dew steamed into mist scattered in the air, poison in the indistinct between, but then smell the wood, blood dew fragrance, fragrance through the heart.
Vermilion Heron
"There is a bird, red text, green quality and white beak, see then its eup have blackmail fire", if you see this bird, the fire will soon come. So the shape of the sacred bird, painted with green, point with Zhu feathers, into the aura, then the shape of the gods like Zhu feathers green heron, the body seems to have invisible fire, and cold Yin can not disturb, but need to be careful not to cause nameless fire.
Purple Yang Red Seal
The Purple Yang is the result of a strong Yang energy. The Purple Yang Red Seal is red in color, containing the Qi of Purple Yang, and hiding the Purple Yang Fire, which is suitable for people who are born at a Yin time to wear it, so that it can be harmonized with the Yin Qi of the Heavenly Kingdom. Because of its yang energy, cold and poisonous yin energy will retreat from it and no one will dare to approach it.
Shatang Pearl
"Pan the ocean, a reverie", Shatang has the ability to avoid water and make water, Shatang treasure pearl also contains this path, not to drive back, but to transform and use it. With this intention of being able to swim in a remote state, and win the water cold and yin, so that not only can it not infringe on the human body, but also perhaps leisurely turn it into something useful to benefit the body and mind.
Xiehe Seal
In the Mountain and Sea Sutra, "Xixihe is the wife of Di Jun, who gave birth to the Tenth Day". Xixihe is the mother of the Tenth Day, which is the source of all Yang energy in heaven and earth. This seal can also generate Yang energy in the chaos, produce strong energy in the darkness of the night, and transform cold Yin and obscure energy when it meets it.
Purification Beads
"The beads are as white as snow and can absorb dirt and evil energy, and the deeper the dirt, the more the beads will change color. Some people use this bead as a way to clean their clothes, which is very convenient.
Green-sunk Prayer Beads
Take 108 beads, dye them with lotus leaves, and wait until all the beads are rich green, then they are green sink. This bead smells clean and fresh, has the use of repelling poison and odor, often chant this several times, beads in the aroma can dye the whole body, even if the body is dead also can be a longer time body does not decay.
Sweet Rain Branch
Three feet of sweet rain can save all the people. The branch of sweet rain is made from the branches born in the rain after the drought. The branch has been nourished by the rain and is moist and green. When this branch is brushed, something will feel its breath and grow, and if there is corruption in your body, you can always carry this branch to make the affected area grow.
Guanyin Buddha Seat
In the Sutra: "Born in the mud, all sit on the lotus platform", Kuan Yin uses the thousand-petaled lotus as her seat, not to stain the mud of the world, but to obtain a pure land. The wooden seat with a thousand-petaled lotus, with its sincerity of heart, is also able to remove the filth of the physical body, and obtain the purity of the physical body.
Scented Box
This object is aromatic when you open the box, smell the fragrance and hear the music, indistinct and vague like heavenly music, such as seeing the gods of incense. When seeking incense, if the person's heart is sincere, then the ghosts and gods can not invade, turbid air can not be dyed, the flesh mortal body to shelter, if the heart is not sincere, then the music and sound gradually, the fragrance gradually disappear, this treasure when useless.
Pure Land Incarnation Box
If you practice the ten good deeds and drink the eight virtuous waters, you can be reborn in the Pure Land of Ultimate Bliss. This box is taken from the Buddha's intention, using the dead wood into earth, converging the box of non-decay, embracing it, cultivating it and understanding it, if you can achieve its great path, the physical body will be like a rebirth, and gradually become a non-decaying body.
Spring Stream Pot
The pot is painted with the picture of spring stream, the pot is full of spring stream flow, spring stream water spring fragrance, turbidification of all things born. The water in the pot does not rot because of the time, and it percolates into the wood of the pot and then into the skin, which has the strange effect of creating spring out of rotting things, turning the poisonous gas of rotting flesh into the bottom that contains new muscle, and the human skin contains spring, bright and delightful.
Wukam Treasure Pearl
"Wu Xian, with the art of Hong for Yao's doctor, can wish to extend the blessings of people, heal people's diseases", legend has it that Wu Xian has used the treasure beads to heal diseases and give blessings. The treasure beads made today seems to be a legacy of ancient times blessing power, can retreat from a hundred diseases, in addition to a hundred poisons, and people get the treasure beads aura, the growth of health, health, can also be blessed to avoid harm, is a spiritual object.
Nuwa's Drawing
The Emperor of Wa made a man out of earth and used his divine power to add to the earth dolls so that they could be born and reproduce. The picture of Nuwa's creation of human beings, with some of the divine power of the old days of attaching earth to human beings, is able to obtain the breath of "life" in heaven and earth, and attach it to human beings, and if any flesh is rotten and does not grow, it will use its power to promote the birth of a spirit, and there is hardly any rottenness in the world that can compete with life.
Green Bamboo Fan
The fan made of green bamboo, flat piece, fan to get the breeze, wind accompanied by bamboo clear air. It can circulate the surrounding air, promote the flow of the meridians, and detoxify the dry heat and depression.
Terracotta Warriors
There are ten kinds of colorful music figurines, either holding a pipa, or bowing their heads and stroking a lute, or plucking a drum with both hands... Each of them has a different attitude and forgetfulness. The audience will also be infected by this maid, like hearing music, like seeing people laughing, and the heart happy, depressed since.
Interlocking Branches
Take the soft wood branches, flexible and bendable, twist a hundred ways, the wrong phase of the knot, is a hundred tangled wrong knot buckle. The structure of this object is exquisite, the left and right pull all have something to play, the player immersed in it, forgetting the side of the chores, to come back to the mind, has been a big chest.
Ghost Belly Pot
This pot is very strange, carved with hands and feet and small head, belly as large as a drum, like a ghost image. This pot likes to eat the gas of depression and poison, once the night, you will hear the thunder drums in the belly of the pot, to stop the sound, the gas has been swallowed by the pot.
Seven Trick Basket
"People have seven orifices to see, hear, eat and breathe", a cork basket, remember to cut seven orifices at the pivotal point, in order to be similar to the seven human orifices. This basket has the ability to absorb gas into gas, gas from these seven orifices into, poison from these seven orifices out, so the inhalation of all people are clear gas, people's exhalation is also this basket into poison.
Wind Pearl
The wind pearl has the ability to stop the wind, not to stop the wind of the mortal world, but also the wind in the heart. When a person's worries, the wind can be stopped, so he can be free from the disturbance of world affairs, and his heart will be at peace, and his depression will be resolved.
Dragon bone peach blossom fan
Fan painted peach blossom, the fan bone to the dragon cave wood carved, is the dragon bone peach blossom fan. Mostly held by women, reflecting the beauty of the party, this fan is waved by a light peach blossom aroma, fragrance into the lungs, the depression and detoxification in the chest, and through the soul into the bones, with the body, often with the aroma inside.
Three elements of one gas bead
"Three creatures, negative yin and hold the yang, punching gas for and", three yuan and one gas, originally from all things, because the gas contains yin and yang and self harmony. This bead work adjustable yin and yang, rushing and and, but when the surrounding everything is alive, if the yang weakened, then replenish the yang, yin weakened, then replenish the yin, finally make the life and harmony, nowhere to depression.
Purple Emperor Incense Burner
Only with nine curves of purple bamboo as a guide, can become this rare incense burner. This stove is purple and black in color, with a calm texture. When incense is burned in it, the fragrance is like a spirit that penetrates into the heart, soothing all the pain, sorrow and depression in the heart, and even into the air to protect people from depression and suffering.
Cuisinart
Take the bamboo and polish it to form a ring, then get a jasper-like bamboo ring. It is not only beautiful in color and quality, but also has some anti-inflammatory and pain-relieving effects with its cooling properties.
Wooden monk
"The wooden statue is a wooden statue of a deity, which is called "Guru" because of its image, which is thought to have the ability of blessing. This wood carving should not be exposed to the sun for a long time, not near the fire, need to be religiously kept.
Cold Dew Flower Basket
Prepare a flower basket with flexible branches, take several flowers with dew and embellish them, into something bright and beautiful, aromatic send. Its flowers, dew, branches seem to be born in one place, touching the cold, if encountered with heat, strong gas, dew will be turned and resist each other, until the basket is warm with common things, it is already doing its best.
Lao Long Gu Vine Cup
The cup is carved out of strong rattan wood and made in accordance with the trend, and the cup is dragon shaped because the wood carries dragon energy. If this cup holds turbid water, wait for a moment, the turbidity is led by the wood, gradually precipitated, and the water quality is clear and can penetrate the bottom, drinking also feel cool and sweet, is the ancient rattan cup of the strange.
Green slave in blue blood
"I have no red sleeves to entertain the night, just about to green slave a taste of cool", the blue blood green slave is a rattan and bamboo gabions prepared from the cool appliances, the quality of its hollow, perimeter woven mesh can wear the wind, can embrace can be stilted, can bring people a sense of cool, cool wind.
Condensation pearl
Condensation is not moving for condensation, condensation of the bead is cold like condensed ice, but not because of heat and melting, not because of the collision and destruction, not with the object easy. When a person encounters heat and heat, he can hold this bead, then the coolness from the bead penetrates into the person, the human heart, the heat recedes, ice cool, good discomfort.
Earth Treasure Spiritual Hub
Spiritual wood into the essence of the earth and the shape, is the ground treasure, take its aura nucleus, remove the dirt, you can get this object. This treasure is often due to the ground and change shape, the shape varies, which naturally contains the power of the Yin of the earth, if you encounter a fiery poisonous gas, the force will be transformed with it, so that the poisonous gas is not born.
Innate Dragon Veins
Feng shui dragon point where the trees are born, the spirit of nurturing and become, cut off its connection with the earth veins will be the innate dragon veins. This thing only because of the timing and location of the sky, people can not nurture, set the dragon vein of the dragon gas, spirit like living things, do not fear the heat, do not fear the Yang poison, are free to turn it and go.
Nirvana Pearl
"The Nirvana pearl is a treasure beyond the 18 realms. If one carries it with him, it can help him to attain the path of enlightenment. If he enters the state of nirvana, he will no longer have to suffer from the wind and rain and the cold and sun, and he will be able to know the coolness and silence, and his worries will not appear, which is called "supreme coolness".
Green Bamboo Charm
Green bamboo made amulet, with bamboo pieces hanging on the pole, walking will hear the bamboo pieces hitting each other clattering, is the evidence of the letter. Its sound can often wake up people's spirit, and its elevated meaning can also be in a moment to warn people's souls.
Mountain Magnolia Box
The new jade color of the orchid in the mountains, hidden in the box, the elegant fragrance and long flavor. This box emits fragrance and cleanses the heart and lungs at all times, and the smell of this box is like seeing the light of the moon, and it is self-clearing and self-awakening.
ghostly sight
"Ghost worry is not worried, people do not know, such as his bright king, guarding in the four barbarians", ghost see worry is a tea-brown round beads, in the deep black texture. Rumor has it that this object can be averse to evil ghosts, and like the bright jade guarding the four directions, guarding people's consciousness, extinguishing human worries.
Bodhi rosary beads
The bodhi seeds are strung into a string of rosary beads, hard and incomparable, the brighter the wear, can drive away evil and avoid disaster. "Whenever chanting, the seal of the true word, the heart of the collection", often chanting, the true word into the bodhi seeds, the work can collect the heart, the mind will not be easily disturbed by external objects.
Meng Hua Silo
"Drunk to the silk Luo startled since awakening, with your clear ears to listen to the pine turbulence", with soft rattan grass silk woven into a delicate cage, you can burn incense in it, the smoke indistinct envelope around, people seem to enter the dream of Huaxu, the fog and the natural clear air of the silk Luo, to hear its clear, startled since awakening, not much time will be clear ears and eyes, peace of mind.
reincarnation lamp
Return to the soul lamp is a green lamp, burning green branch is light green fluorescent, occasionally scattered chips such as fireflies flying. To its green netherworld far away, and the soul is close to the soul, if sometimes the three souls scared away, but because they do not let go of this lamp and linger, to the soul to know, and can gradually return to the person.
Ananda's Treasure Statue
"The image of Ananda is like a full moon in autumn, and the eyes are like pure lotus flowers. Ananda means untainted, and his will is as strong and clear as a mirror, and he is admonished by Ananda to have righteousness in his heart, so that he will not be tempted by all kinds of temptations and his will will will not be easily shifted like a tarzan.
True Mirror
According to the meaning of truth as described in the Prajna Heart Sutra: "All dharmas are empty, unborn and undying, undefiled and impure, unincreased and undiminished".
universal torment
The flower is white and soft, but when you see it, evil is removed, and Buddha thinks it is auspicious. Zizhu is transformed into this flower with his soul, so that in the human world, he can only seek a clear mind and see the flower to "understand all the laws, remove all the evil, and respond to things without emotion", and see everything clearly without being disturbed by all the dreams.
Tiger pattern cigarette purse
Tiger clothes sewn palm-sized purse, embroidered with flowers, birds, animals and fish, can hold tobacco in it. The wild air of the fabric is smothered by the smoke, which has the effect of alerting sensitivity. Because it is commonly used close to the body, it was also used to convey love in the old days.
Sphinx
Legend has it that the original sphinx drum was made from the face of an evil man with a double drum surface. Nowadays, the drum is made of animal skin and embroidered with the mouth and nose of a human being, which hums when the wind is blowing.
Green Wolf Square Sheath
"This sheath is made of leather, which is tough and durable, and is designed to cut off the evil swords, so that people who are greedy and ruthless will be afraid when they see it, and the blade will be blessed by the stars. Therefore, this sheath often makes people self-reflection and self-enlightenment, and motivate people to advance.
Pixie bag
Pixiu, also known as ward off evil, specializing in eating fierce animals and evil spirits, fierce and brave compared to the millions of teachers. Pixiu package embroidered with dragon head and tail, tiger and leopard-shaped brave, awe-inspiring, people see it is the courage of their own life. Always carry this object, but also to avoid disasters and good luck.
Feng Yi Drum
"Feng Yi drum is a message from the gods, hearing this sound, the gods return to the original position, the group of dragons tend to go, in order. Take the psychic object made of Feng Yi drum, the drums will sound, people are excited, the body and hands with the drums, light and orderly.
Babelong Snake Bag
"Sometimes I only see the dragon and snake walking, left coil right knitted like lightning", with snake skin for the bag, decorated with a hundred kinds of treasures, embroidered with dragon shape. This bag is not used to hide things, only to its shape gas excite people, carry this bag from which you can understand the line of the dragon and snake, walk and move also as fast as the dragon and snake.
Ion Fire Golden Sheath
This sheath is made of golden cloth, and the sheath is like a hidden fire, and when touched, it seems to be burned by fire. Because of its integration of gold and fire, with the invisible fire, restrain the tangible gold, and turn gold in the invisible, subtle and unpredictable, the Taoist can be like the transformation of gold and fire, turn their own situation.
Da Yi Box
Da Yi had shot nine days, the arrow is not false, the potential can break the air, and save the people. Later, when the arrows were hidden in the box, the box also contained the Qi of spiritual wu, which shuttled the person and drove the body and mind in the dark, and the work was like a spiritual change, as swift as the arrow, and it was difficult for others to recognize its action.
Thunder Drum Spirit Flag
"Spiritual flag million drive thunder drums", the spirit of the spirit of the flag system, the mighty wind, the wind fluttering then the spirit of the flag moving, the spirit of the flag moving then thunder drums, shocking, unstoppable. People are driven by the sound of thunder, hiding the ability to change the wind and clouds, changing its momentum, also unstoppable.
Jute Scented Pouch
Wrapped in jute silk thread, hidden in the herbs and spices, strong smell, can ventilate and refresh. Women will also use this material to get body fragrance.
Smoky Wind Pa
"smoky wind, Xun Qi was born, one said clear wind", smoky wind Pa is an incense handkerchief, its fragrance warm and fragrant, smell like a spring breeze, can make people satisfied in the heart, clear and clear.
Golden Corn Bag
Osmanthus golden yellow, small but busy, just like the golden corn. The golden corn bag to bag with osmanthus, its aroma is clear and sweet, far overflowing in all directions, people smell it, such as the mid-autumn when you see the deep moon, more dew heavy, can not help but refreshing, this material also has the effect of nourishing the lungs.
Moon Between the Clouds
"This is an embroidery, with a hundred silk and a hundred brocade painted with the moon between the clouds, the moon is also bright, no less than the heavenly grace, shining in people's hearts as clean as snow. Because of its ingenuity, no one would be surprised to see it.
Seven Treasure Golden Banner
The Sutra of the Immeasurable Life Sutra: "There is a vajra seven treasures of gold on the ground of Rukia". The seven treasures of gold, silver, glass, coral, amber, giant clams, and agate are decorated with gold threads on the golden pillar, which tinkles with the wind, and when the holder looks at it, his mind has wonderful thoughts, and it is transparent like glass.
Heaven and Earth Mixed Bag
The qi of heaven and earth is collected in the bag, and the chaos becomes one, turning it into the beginning of vitality. Therefore, the bag contains no clear, no turbidity, no yin and no Yang Qi, when the Qi from the bag, can make up for the lack of Qi when people move, and because the Qi of heaven and earth is infinite, the Qi in the bag is also infinite.
Hanxu Bag
Hanxu bag woven with spiritual silk, because the silk is bright and clean, woven bag will be like a bright mirror reflecting the sky, the sky's gas is therefore included in the bag, the earth is real and the sky is empty, so the name "Hanxu". Bag in the gas all clear, if into the human lungs, not only can supplement the gas, but also clear the gas, so that the body and mind clean, and half the effort.
Feathered Fragrance Lo
Fairy feather and fall down fragrant light clothing on earth, light and soft as thin snow, no wind also fluttering. Wearing this fragrant robe, body and mind light as a feather, containing gas into gas, the wind up dancing, the spirit of movement is also like a fairy floating.
Wanxiang Yunguangpa
Wanxiang cloud light handkerchief encompasses all the treasures of the immortal family magic treasure, the handkerchief will see the cloud light arashi color, flowing in the surrounding body, extraordinary light. Action only see the cloud light swaying, the body with the heart, breathing cloud, free to itself, as the clouds and fog, only to feel that there is no heaven and earth can not reach.
Fabric Pockets
Rags embellished with cloth pockets, simple and wearable, easy to carry and use, can hold a few items.
Animal head square capsule
A whole animal skin made of square capsule, but also embroidered with the image of the beast, on the fine velvet and luster, its integrity and not easy to break, some slight warmth effect.
Zhaowen Bag
"fire, dragon, embroidery, embroidery, and show its text", Zhaowen bag is a large bag commonly used by students in the old days to catch exams in Beijing, can hold more luggage. It is often embroidered with a variety of patterns to show the evidence of the gentleman, more can show that the person has literary talent, club virtues.
Goldfish bag
The old official system, more than three products can use the gold fish bag, initially used to hold carp-like gold talisman, after changing its system, only in the bag with gold and silver decorated as fish type. This bag can not only hold things to prevent bad, can accommodate all kinds of small fragments, and has the meaning of wealth and prosperity.
Purple Ribbon Square Capsule
The Book of the Han Dynasty: "Sangoku, Prime Minister, all Qin officials, gold seal purple ribbon", in ancient times, only very high officials can use this purple ribbon, is to take the meaning of purple gas east, very noble. The purple ribbon square capsule is purple and black, embroidered with violet flowers, fine and lustrous, practical and beautiful, and others think it is expensive when they see it.
Gold and silver brocade flower capsule
Decorated with gold and silver wire woven from the flower capsule, often stored in the flower petals spices, wear around the body can make the fragrance, can also be hung in the tent to repel insects and incense, extremely elegant. Because made of gold and silver silk, very flexible, with a few years also do not see the slightest wear.
Windber Bag
"at midnight, I saw a thing as big as a bag, sucking two mouths to spray out, the wind suddenly sent... can palm eight wind news, through the climate of the five movements", the wind to capture the wind mother for the bag, can collect the wind, to the wind, shaped like a flying swallow, although small but can accommodate the air of heaven and earth, can be described as magical powers, carrying ordinary things are also not a problem The bag is not a burden to people.
Colorful Wisp Fairy Bag
Color wisp immortal bag made of colored silk thread, color has seven colors, each flowing light, such as the stars flashing, gorgeous and extraordinary things. This bag on the side, often around the fog floating wind, if the same mind with the user, more can be thrown flexible as soaring in the air.
Qiankun Fork Bag
Mustard seeds, forked bag to hide the universe. Qiankun fork bag its appearance, shaped like a sack, with a forked horn, but contains the theory of the world's yuan born everything, not when the bag can be shrunk like a mustard seed size, if things can be naturally released, a hundred things in its capacity, the bag does not show its big. Heard that it can hide the heaven and earth, but people can not exhaust its use.
Black stone trigger finger
Black stone trigger finger is shiny black, worn on the thumb to avoid abrasion, in the old days, foreigners often wear this object when drawing a bow and arrow, originally a protective accessory, and then gradually become a symbol of courage.
Rex Kushi
The arm brace is called "Kushi", which has appeared since the Han Dynasty, and later on, some luxurious men put this jade brace between their arms and wrists, because of its hardness, it can be used for arm protection when fighting, and the luxurious men are more brave and daring because of it. It was also worn by plump women for beauty and charm.
Stone Dangdang
"Division fierce tiger, stone dang, not invaded, dragon Weiyang", stone dang is to take the Taishan stone inscription and made of stone monument, the world believes that it can borrow the power of Taishan to suppress the inauspicious gas, often placed in the punch or bad place, to ensure the safety of the party. If you carry this object, or can borrow its town hundred ghosts, pressure calamity of the strange power.
turbot turtle
The ao stands on the four extremes, the top of the sky and the earth, humping the three immortal mountains of Penglai, Fangzhai and Yingzhou on its back, which can carry all the heavy things between heaven and earth. It is decorated with many kinds of jade and molded into the shape of a turtle and a tortoise, with majestic eyes and seemingly divine power, which is often used by the world to calm homes and pray for blessings.
Three colorful green rhinoceros
Green rhinoceros, also known as bull, "bull like wild ox and green, a horn, weighing a thousand pounds", its fierce as a tiger, the force can kill. Three color blue rhinoceros with three kinds of glaze color makeup tire, the green rhinoceros into lifelike, tendons and contractions as if hard as steel, angry eyes and hooves, slightly transparent luster, fierce and masculine mood touching eye-catching.
Statue of the Angry Eye
Taiping Guangji": "vajra angry eyes, so subdue the four demons", angry eyes vajra statue hand-held magic treasure, eyes open prominently, angry eyes, although the world see it fear, but know that this image is actually to angry eyes to cut demons, so feel more at ease. Such a fierce and fearful image, it seems to have the power to eliminate all the evil in the world, the fierce people see it and are infected by it.
Erlang-eye
"Erlang is after the silkworm bush, so there is a longitudinal eye on the forehead", longitudinal eye is opened by the sky, the eye can see the place, the power of palm life and death, can open mountains and split rocks, evil spirits have nowhere to hide. This Erlang eye carved with sacred stone, although not than Erlang real eye, but also can give people some divine power, breaking stone splitting tiger invincible, and evil spirits fear.
Dragon and Tiger Treasure Ruyi
Ruyi is made by the Yellow Emperor, once for the battle of Chi You's weapon, can ward off all demons. Dragon and tiger treasure Ruyi is engraved with the image of the winding green dragon, white tiger tame, to metaphorical gods, gas two ways, so this treasure can be through the human spirit, and the power of the sacred stone into it, so that people grow in addition to the courage to ward off evil.
Open Heavenly Beads
According to the Book of Sui: "At the beginning of chaos, Pan Gu opened up the sky and the earth, the mountains and the sea", the pearl is made from the sacred stone that was conceived at the beginning of heaven and earth, and it is said that the sacred stone absorbed the supreme power of the former Pan Gu Emperor, and the pearl can be polished to stimulate its divine power. This bead all the time does not emit its fierce power, with this object by the force of the bead, there are thousands of people can not open the strange force.
Agate Bracelet
Agate bracelet is made of a whole agate stone polished and processed, and its texture is interlaced, like a horse's brain. This bracelet is cool and transparent, and the chalcedony in the stone nourishes people and can prevent miscellaneous diseases such as heat stroke.
Long life lock
Longevity lock is lock-shaped, is made of gold and stone ornaments, including jade lock is the most valuable. The symbolic meaning of locking the life, to get rid of disasters and evil, mostly for children to wear, can "avoid ghosts and soldiers, people do not get sick plague", so as to prevent premature death, adult can only be removed.
Earthbound Fairy Statue
In the Lanyan Sutra: "The Earthbound Immortal, who has obtained a physiology, lives for ten million years", the Earthbound Immortal is an immortal with high life expectancy and seclusion. The statue of this immortal is carved, holding a long staff, with long bearded hair and benevolent eyes.
Blood Hunger Pearl
Blood famine beads are red like blood, clear and refractive, and eye-catching. When carried close to the body, can always absorb personal dirt blood hidden in the beads, the human body will therefore spontaneously replenish the blood to purify the blood, so the body gradually stronger. Although it hides dirt, it is to purify the blood of others with itself, when its texture is dirty, it is no longer useful.
Thousand Bell Jang
Thousand bell jan is a tea and wine ware, shaped like an inverted bell, the mouth of the bell flared, also known as bell jan. This jan take chalcedony made of stone marrow, stone marrow overdose of the body is not beneficial, but with this cup into the human body, but can avoid its harmful effects and adjust the yuan and tonic gas, within a thousand cups, are beneficial to strengthen the body's efficacy.
Xian Weng Gourd
The image of the fairy gourd is taken from the gourd on the staff of the longevity star Nanji Immortal, which is said to have the effect of driving away diseases and prolonging life. "The gourd can be used to pray to the immortal, not only to ensure your own peace and longevity, but also to pray for peace and longevity in the world.
Nine Sons of Joan of Arc
Made of beautiful jade, each ring is divided into the image of the nine sons of the dragon, which is not only beautiful, but also beneficial to the body and mind. According to legend, if you can untie the nine sons of jade rings, the nine sons of the dragon will be revealed, either to ward off evil, or to drive away disasters, or to remove diseases, or to prolong life, respectively, to give good luck.
Statue of Yu Ching Zhen Wang
The "Southern Emperor of Eternal Life", also known as the King of Supreme Spirituality, thinks of the world, all sentient beings, the three disasters and the eight difficulties", and carves a statue of the true king out of sacred stone, which contains the power of the true king of eternal life. Those who are blessed by this statue will avoid the three disasters and eight difficulties, and be blessed all over their bodies with health and happiness.
Supreme Golden Body
The image of Hao Tian Yu Huang God is shaped by the sacred stone, with golden light and divine light shining. The Emperor is in charge of the good and bad fortune on earth, the master of natural energy, mortals build this golden body, the Lord is also moved by the sincerity, will be sent to mortals with the energy of heaven and earth, to give blessing to prolong life, to bear the fate of heaven.
Oleander beads
The oil beads are black and glossy, and the texture is as slippery as oil. If inadvertently lost, it will slide on the ground bones rolling far, this image gives people inspiration, effective its method and "oil on the bottom of the foot" person.
Sub-Gauge Ring
Zigui bird to urge the return of jade carved into a pair of earrings in the image of Zigui, named Zigui ring. This ring is ringing when it moves, a sound more cut, as if expecting people to return soon.
Thousand Mile Goose
"The geese return on time and fly for thousands of miles, never missing time, so the world thinks they can send letters. The jade system thousand miles geese will take this bird return to fly the meaning, people seem to feel its spirit, know into and out of the time, before the body is as light as flying.
Cold Smoke Seal
The cold smoke seal is greenish blue, cold, with white flocculent jade inside, indistinct and not knowing where it stops. With this object to draw on paper with ink seal, is to see a river picture, the moon caged cold smoke, a unique mood, see the person can not help but be relaxed and happy, seems to be turned into smoke can be indistinct without trace of the line.
Floating Light Treasure Pearl
"with the sky clear blue, reflecting the sun moving floating light", floating light pearl color like the blue sky, reflecting the sun is light and shadow floating, although the pearl is a static object, light but flickering, so known as "floating light pearl". Floating light moving place, suddenly in front of you, suddenly behind you, suddenly a thousand miles, beautiful and elusive, people get its reason, the body movement also got the beauty of it.
Green bird and dragon pendant
The blue bird is the messenger of the Queen Mother of the West, which can lead the guests to Penglai by walking on the sea. Take the jade dragon, blue bird shape, carved into a jade pendant, so it seems to have the aura of these two divine things, feel the sea and sky Mo can not run to.
Tengxiang Luminous Cup
According to Xunzi: "The snake has no feet and flies", it is recorded that although the snake has no feet, it can fly on the fog. Take spiritual jade carved into a luminous cup, exquisite, luminous, drinking wine to the moon, wine in the shadow of the snake, and suddenly the cup of fog, the snake has flown away, like a big dream. However, if you drink the wine in this cup, it is like being taught by the snake, there are really clouds and mist to help their actions.
Demon Eye Treasure Pearl
There is light in the pearl, flickering, white and dark, as if the demon eyes open and close. Made of spirit stones, can absorb the evil spirits of heaven and earth injustice, every time you receive the evil, the demon eye will seem to open a line, which can be turned into human use, gas harnessing power, the action is often agile shuttle, the shape of a ghost.
Divine Mirror
The mirror is made of a flat stone, and because of the nature of the stone, one can see millions of forms in the mirror, which change from time to time. This mirror can let people know that the millions of forms can be changed, and the thousands of changes also come from the heart, so with the heart's intention and the shape of the mirror, it can change and move quickly like a divine light.
Agate Strings
Taiping Guangji": "agate, ghost blood also", with small beads of agate strung into the string, worn on the wrist, can nourish the blood, have the function of warding off evil.
Vermilion stone ring
Although it is not expensive, it is very popular because of the red texture on the stone and its transparency and beauty. It is said that it can protect the heart from evil spirits and is often worn by common women.
Clear Mirror
Clear light refers to the daylight after the rain and snow, at first it feels cold, but inside it is warm. The jade mirror is made of jade to create a whole round mirror, which can faintly illuminate a person's shadow, and the jade light on it is like a clear light, which gradually warms people and makes them warm inside.
Tears of Princess Xiang
"Who knows that on the water of Xiang, tears are shed to think of you alone", the two daughters of Xiang cried for Emperor Shun, which is a proof of their noble hearts and loyalty. With the jade essence condensed into teardrops, the viewer is moved with emotion, and the tears are as precious as Emperor Shun's heart and soul.
Baibao Pipa
With a hundred kinds of different colors of jade carved into pieces, connected into a picture embedded in the lute, so that the hundred treasure lute. The sound of the lute, jade and stone together and the sound, beautiful and extraordinary, the lute on the floral creatures come to life, seems to dance with it. So the hearer's mind is intoxicated, get a great rest.
Night Illuminating Sculpture
It is carved in jade in the shape of the beast Tianlu, and shines in the darkness of the night as a substitute for candlelight. When this light shines, the user's mind will be clear, and he or she will be able to know the good fortune and the bad luck.
Xianchi Baoguang pot
"The sun comes out of Yanggu, bathing in the salty pond", the salty pond treasure light pot to take the water of the salty pond, the pot has a glowing light like the sun, full of flashing, like touching the hand can hold, hold it will be warm. Although there is no light in the palm of the hand, the warmth of the sun in this pot is transformed into the heart and soul through the skin, and is embedded in the heart and soul of the person.
Luo Shen Grate
"Requisite like a light cloud of the sheltered moon, floating like a stream of wind back to the snow", the legend says that the god of Luoshui is absolutely special from the vulgar, quiet and beautiful, its hair like a light cloud, half cover half cover more show its posture. The grate used by the god of Luo to comb her hair occasionally fell on earth, see this treasure as the god of Luo's beautiful style, the heart is eager, forget words forget meals, only wish to return to protect.
Taizinhua Bibimbap
According to the "Seven Signs of the Cloud", "Mrs. Taizhen, the youngest daughter of the Queen Mother, was 16 or 17 years old", and was originally a fairy from Penglai. The person who unlocked this treasure can go to and from Penglai with Taizhen. The person who got this object has already reached Penglai and will be like a fairy who is happy and forgetful.
Crow's Eye Stone Talisman
Crow's eye stone talisman from foreign countries, it is said that crows can double-eyed inspection of the four directions, in an instant to observe the wind blowing grass. Carving the crow's eye on the stone is to take the meaning of its vigilance and sensitivity.
rain goggles
Rain flower mirror is taken with jade polished and made, shine people shine things very clear, and even the rain can be clearly reflected in its water. Get this mirror, you can detect the movement in all directions, so that the strike more without doubt.
Phantom Orchid Seal
Tao Yuanming in Jin described the orchid as "the breeze comes out of the blue, and I see that it is different from the Xiao Ai". This fragrance can stimulate people's sense of smell and enable them to recognize the surrounding odors, so that all the five senses are spiritual and naturally more rapid.
Cloud buried colorful birds
"together with the five-colored birds, screaming with immortal song", with five-colored natural jade carved into five-colored birds, for some reason, there is often smoke from the birth, enveloping the jade, half cover, half cover, five-colored birds will be as in the clouds and singing immortal sound. Jade clouds change with the gas, when the breath changes, the smoke disperses, the jade really seems to have fairy birds chirping like a sound.
Yoguang Fan
Yaoguang star, through the moon like a rainbow. Yaoguang fan is not for cooling, the fan does not wind, but when shaking, the flow of light, such as the stars shining, people move between the transfer, you can see the stars shining, as if the power of the stars to help it act.
Sunset of Dzi
The color changes with the light, or red like blood, or golden dazzling, and does not repeat in a day, just like the "falling haze continuity" as unpredictable and indeterminate. The person holding this bead, the action is often as fast as the color change, others do not know what they will do, they will see the move has come first.
Snake Kushi
It is written in the "Shanhaijing" that "the snake is carved with a bird's wing and a snake's body and wrapped around the arm to form a snake armlet. This device is cool, and can follow the bending movement of the arm to fit its shape, and can be restrained from time to time to eliminate redundant movements, so that people are as fast as a snake walking, as swift as the great water churning.
Star River Seal
The stars and rivers in the sky turn, and the mysteries are infinite. It is difficult for people to draw the stars and rivers in the world, even if they can draw the stars and rivers, they cannot see the turning of the stars and rivers. The star river seal needs to study the mystery of star movement and use the divine stone to make a living seal, which can turn at any time and print the stars and rivers in the sky at any time. The person who gets this object gets the wonderful theory, understand the change of all things, at any time and turn, follow the trend and turn.
Sanchen flag
The language is from the Spring and Autumn Zuo Zhuan: "three stars flag flag, show its brightness", the three stars refers to the sun, moon and stars, the flag made of sacred jade, this flag can take the light of the sky. In the daytime absorb the light of the day, in the night convergence of the light of the moon and the stars, and more and more bright, dazzling, this light shines, and this flag communicates with the clear vision of things without error, clear heart without confusion, clear as the wind.
Agate Pieces
The black and white agate pieces are shiny and solid. Because of the infinite reasoning in chess, when you play a game of chess, you can feel the essence in the planning and calculation.
Qing Hui ink stone
The stone inkstone is carved with the sea moon, coated with wax around, slightly cold to the touch, with luster, like the clear glow of the sea moon. This ink stone is like a muscle and has a sharp edge, so the world likes to use it, and the ink is moist and easy to dry.
Heart Regent Pearl
"The beads are red in color, transparent in texture, beautiful and incomparable. The only way for the viewer to collect the mind is to have a fixed mind and a firm will, and over time, the mind becomes more focused and easy to make complicated and subtle moves.
Nine-Guan Lin-Liang Lock
Emperor Shun had appointed nine officials to complement the government, Ji Ji let each other, and the way. Nine officials Lin Lang lock is made of nine different colors of jade embellished in the jade lock, jade with the lock moved, Lin Lang hit each other, like nine officials to discuss political affairs, no matter what difficult matters can be solved by the magic method.
Yin and Yang Mirror
The mirror is made of a natural black and white jade, divided into two sides, yin and yang, yin black and yang white. Yang side shines on the sky, Yin side shines on the earth, the way of heaven and earth is infinite, Yin and Yang mirror will reflect the heaven and earth within a party, can be under the human view to show the truth of the separation and integration.
Branching out the Dragon Head Kushi
The dragon's head is a living dong, and it moves on the kushi when people move, making others dazzled. This object has a complicated movement with the change of stance, each one is different from the other, making the stance look more complicated and difficult to understand with dynamics.
No Phase Seal
The Tao Te Ching: "The shape of no shape and the image of no image is called "hush", all things are mysterious and invisible, which makes them mysterious and unpredictable. The image of the seal is indeterminate, the luster is indeterminate, and it often changes shape with things, and there is no pattern on the seal, so it can only be empty. The person who gets this seal suddenly understands the reason of the return of reality and emptiness to one, and his heart is clear and has no worries, and his body moves without any definite shape, but he can often win over existence with nothing.
Qiankun Diagram
Qiankun figure is originally Tai Shang Laojun magic treasure, engraved with the pattern of the eight trigrams of heaven and earth, according to legend, can be loaded. Although this object is not a true magic treasure, and can not really carry the heaven and earth, but it does contain the reasoning of heaven and earth, the mystery of the void, the person who can view the situation, since the situation, the action contains the eight trigrams of heaven and earth, the non-god can not be interpreted.
Nine-U Eye
"In ancient times, Hou Yi shot the sun to solve the world's calamities, nine three-legged crows fell from the sky in the sun, angry and reluctant to rest in peace. Nine crows eye is a sacred stone to absorb the nine crows resentment of the soul of nature, the person will be driven by this resentment, as long as the three legs and three eyes, can not be a normal view of its behavior, but can be in the moment to get the moves together.
Scorched bone ring
The peonies were scorched by fire, but the flowers were not damaged because they defied the power of the empress. The scorched bone ring is made of jade, shaped like a dead branch, but it is hard to break and can give people courage.
Red goblet with cow horn
With large red stone hollow carved into a horn-shaped wine goblet, smooth and crystal, color such as red wine. This cup drinking, not only pleasing to the eye, but also show people brash and brave, wine gulp, force steeply several times.
Fire Dragon Order
"Zhu Rong south to whip the fire dragon, fire flag flames burning the sky red", the fire dragon order is a hot jade plate, its color is red, carved on the dragon shape. The person who carries this order often feels that his chest seems to be burned by fire, the body's qi and blood because of the surge, the force has also increased, such as by the fire dragon support.
Aurora pearl
"Yin and Yang distribution, shock thunder out of stagnation", shock thunder beads have a Yin and a Yang two beads, hitting each other is a shock, and issued a loud thunder sound. Because of the sound of thunder, hear this sound is not energy, more stinging insects out of the sound, open teeth and claws.
Gou Chen Fatal Star
Gou Chen endowed with western gold, for the fierce god, good at killing, vicious. If you have a strange stone to shine the light of the North Pole, the fierceness of Gou Chen may be merged into it, and your side will be brave and fierce, and your enemy will be fierce and evil, if you have Gou Chen in your year, its effect will be increased.
Mountain and river aversion voodoo seal
The Southern History: "The ground is not good for the eldest son, if the aversion may be Shen Yan", the mountain and river aversion seal is a large seal, carved when the seal will recite the spell, can aversion of the art of suppressing evil spirits in the mountains, rivers and earth. Both pressure evil spirits, it will absorb the power of evil spirits, convergence of their own town mountains and rivers of the art, so that the man has the law, the law in the powerful, the power has increased.
Xuanwu Tripod
"Xuanwu, the so-called tortoise and snake. Position in the north, so said Xuan. Body with scales and armor, so it said Wu", Xuanwu turtle body snake head, is one of the four divine beasts, magic power is boundless, demons and evil see it is scared. Divine stone tripod engraved on the phase of Xuanwu, the tripod is several times heavier, because the power of Xuanwu borrowed, lift this tripod but do not feel heavy, wielding moves and others shudder.
Moyun Golden Dipper Bead
"yellow swan mo cloud strong gas increase, green rainbow through the bucket sword light teng", this bead is extremely hard, knife and axe can not be broken, water and fire invasion can not enter, the bead contains vajra gas, gas can pass through the clouds through the sun. With this treasure bead, can this cloud strong gas harness force and move, its potential shock wind cracking air, sometimes even the clouds in the sky is therefore also shocked three points.
Qianjun Seal
Thousand even seal is also known as the Thousand Jun seal, not that it weighs 30,000 pounds, but that the divine power in it can reach a thousand pounds. From ancient times to the present, there are few people in the world have the power of a thousand pounds, only Wuhuo and a few others, but if you get this precious seal, hidden in the body, the power of the gods by the movement, the spirit of excitement, sometimes through the power of the gods, the power is more than 30,000 pounds heavier, shocking the sky.
Crystal Bracelet
Crystal bracelets are available in a variety of colors according to the raw material jade, cool against the skin, the texture are clear as water, no impurities, can be in the silky coolness of the heart between the quiet sinking.
Longqing Huanpei
The seven signs of the cloud: "that is, the body clarifies the gas true, the brightness of the inner light, all the gods Langqing", Langqing ring pendant is a ring-shaped jade pendant, clear texture, the inner light, can absorb miscellaneous pollution, regulate the breath, so the heart and soul Langqing. It is often worn by women to show their purity, and the tinkling sound of the ring pendant is also very pleasing to the ear.
Yuquan Jue
Jade Spring Jue is made from the essence of jade and is so aromatic and sweet that it can be taken in wine. However, because of its beauty and the fact that it can be used to gradually cleanse the heart and mind with its pure energy, it is often worn on the body.
Luminous Silver Candle
Luminous silver candle is made of white jade candle shape, the color of silver white gorgeous, not burning and bright, its light warm and moist. Shining in the night, you can use this candle light to read books and things, can accompany this long light deep thought enlightenment.
Dreaming Bell
The wind blows the flowers and smells the bells, sleep into the dream of God is sufficient. Dream bell is a pair of jade bells, strung into the silk, when the wind is ringing, emitting fragrance. By this sound and flower fragrance, somehow, no longer disturbed by nightmares, but only to nourish the mind and benefit from the clear dream.
Transparent carved dragon chime
The chime is made of jade, the back is carved with dragon pattern, the surface is only one side of jade chime, but the sound of striking is more elegant than ordinary stone chime. The sound of this instrument is so penetrating that it can make people calm, think about the past and the present, and pursue the future with caution and enlightenment.
Luang Huan Jade Pillow
"Other than heaven and earth, each room has a strange book, Luang Huan blessed land is also", Luang Huan is the heavenly emperor to hide the book of the immortal realm, in the blessed land to watch the book, sleepy then sleep, pillow with jade pillow, dream also always thinking about the truth of the book, often waking up with a rare enlightenment. This jade pillow fell into the earth, virtuous people get the pillow, they can be enlightened from the dream.
Green lamp with cold jade jar
Cold jade carved into a bowl-shaped lamp, if you get a green lamp on it, dark night light, reflecting the beauty of each other. The light is dark, and the coldness is accompanied by a gust of wind, which makes you feel that you are not on earth, but that your heart is cold and empty, and that all the seven emotions and six desires are gone, and that your soul has gained great enlightenment. For those who are uncertain, sometimes they can see their deceased friends and relatives in a trance and cry.
a treasure of things
"The living jade is a treasure of the immortal realm, and this jade is a collection of mortal life, and it is a treasure of the heaven and earth. There is a strange gas in the treasure, gas can reach the two stars of the Dipper, the person who has this object, can know the changes in the mortal world, the transformation of the yin and yang of heaven and earth, knowledge of the ancient and modern, nothing can not understand nothing.
Luminous Beads
The luminous pearl, also known as the luminous pearl, can produce light in a dark room, which is due to the creation of heaven and earth to obtain this characteristic. This light shines, the power of creation can also be slightly transformed into the human qi yuan.
Gelatinous Ou
Gel fat ou is a jade small bowl, its color like gelatin, white and warm, can be used to hold fragrant fruit or drink wine tea. Drinking water with this vessel, water also makes the heart feel warm and moist, I do not know is the touch of the ou, or water into jade.
White Tiger Guibi
In ancient times, the jade used for sacrifice, is carved from jade into the image of the white tiger. "White tiger morning, thunder in the four fields", the white tiger is one of the four spirits of the sky, the sound is auspicious, with the white tiger Gui wall to the sky to pray, as if by the spirit of the white tiger, up their own spirit.
Drunken Eight Immortals
The jade carving of the Eight Immortals of Taoism drinking drunkenness, or swaying, or carrying wine drinking, or jade face down... named drunken Eight Immortals. Although this eight immortals show drunkenness, but still immortal bones, mesmerizing, people can feel the spirit of this object, seems to have a previous relationship with the eight immortals Avatar, bones after the eight immortals shape.
Yao Xiang Rosary
With the beautiful jade and ivory alternately strung into the rosary beads, beads are white and round, people can not distinguish which is beautiful jade, which is ivory. Often held in the hands of the rosary beads, always recite the Jade Emperor golden number 10,000 times, then may be able to move the heavens, solid its essence, increase the innate energy.
osteoscope
According to legend, during the Tang Dynasty, someone had an ancient mirror, this mirror four sides carved beasts, outside the square set eight trigrams, trigrams placed outside the twelve ears. Today, this shape into a jade mirror, can illuminate the demon manifestation, if coated with gold powder, can illuminate the bones of the person, the mirror can detect the congenital deficiencies, through the acquired complement inside and outside, if diligent conditioning practice, a great benefit to people.
Six Soul Beads
This treasure is a psychic treasure jade into the psychic blood and obtained, the beads to the six immortal Taoist part of the soul, the six souls united will have divine power, can modify the fate of heaven and earth, can change the root of the person. However, this object is detrimental to the immortal energy, if the inadvertent use of the inadvertent detection, fear of heaven's wrath.
Seven Star Lamp
The seven-star lamp has been handed down since the Shang and Zhou dynasties, a lamp burning seven fires, Zhuge Liang in the Three Kingdoms lit the seven-star lamp, stepping on the Big Dipper to avoid it, said that the main lamp does not go out in seven days, then life increased by a century. This lamp with the secret magic, but called life is not by fate, death is not by heaven, the convergence of the seven stars to adjust the power of the yuan, repair the essence of man, change the karma of past lives.
The Book of the Beginning of Heaven
"If you can break through the truth in this book, the Qi of Dantian, Xiushetian, Cangtian, Sutian and Xuantian can be transformed into your body from the stars of the upper heaven, and there is no way to become the birth of the Tao.
Water rosary
One hundred and eight water jade beads are strung together to form a crystal-clear and shiny string. The beads follow the sutra and gradually disappear from the 108 kinds of worries, so that the mind can no longer be distracted.
Jade Buddha Beads
Buddha beads made of polished jade are evidence of goodness, and because of their beauty, lay people can use them for decoration. The more sincere the heart is, the more spiritual the beads are.
Translucent Buddha Handle
The translucent Buddha handle is in the shape of Buddha's hand, the light can penetrate the jade, highlighting its crystalline fullness and natural changes. The shape is unique and enjoyable, and each translucent Buddha's handle is different, so it is like seeing the Buddha's flower and meditation.
Wuyue True Form Pendant
"This five real shape of the mountains and rivers... immortals wear it, are like the transmission of the chapter; Taoist priests to execute it, through the line of the mountains and rivers, a hundred gods group of spirits, respect and welcome", five real shape of the mountains is Tai Shang Laojun talisman, non-immortal name, can not be taught, is the secret of the immortal officials. Wear this object to travel the mountains and rivers, all the demons and poisons are not able to disturb.
Submerged light to ward off evil spirits
The evil attracts wealth, should be covered with pearls, but the sinking light ward off evil is different, only from the bottom of the faint light to. This sunken light ward off evil does not attract wealth, but focuses on eliminating the group of evil, to fight evil, calm personality, can give people peace of mind.
Cold Bone Five Dragon Pendant
Wood, fire, gold, water, earth five immortals is the god of the five elements, human face dragon body, it is said that the five dragons before the immortal will be cold bones down in the Arctic of the great wilderness. To jade carving five dragons dragon bone shape, wear a rope into the pendant, you can guard the body's vital energy, meditation and solid will to seek immortality, if their hearts are sincere, more may be able to use this jade pendant to find the buried dragon bone place.
Four Elephant Pagoda
The sky is divided into four elephants, blue dragon, white tiger, vermilion bird, xuanwu divided into four sides. Take the spiritual jade carved pagoda, the four elephants are set in the four sides of the pagoda top, anywhere easy to shape, each to the direction, is the movement to take the determination, always by the power of the beast, the force of the shock of the human spirit, the determination of the human soul.
Tiandi Libra
The chessboard is a living chessboard, no chess pieces, point and chess, chess is the division of the yin and yang of heaven and earth. Between the square and the inch, there is a big heart, the mind is fixed, then you can see all things as ruminants, dare to confront with heaven and earth, and there is no trace of panic.
heart of ice and jade pot
"If the heart of a person has ice in it, the heart of a person is also out of the dust. Ice heart jade pot is Kunlun live jade, cold like ice, clear like ice, this pot seems to have endless immortal pulp, also since the cold clean, can be turned into the blood, into the heart, to remove all the foul trouble in the heart, so the ice clear jade clean change into a delicate and clear heart.
Crystal Pendant
The crystal is carved in the form of clouds, double fish, etc. It is worn on a rope chain and can be hung around the neck or wrist, or used as decoration for various objects. It is strong and beautiful, and is a proof of good luck.
Jade Ruyi
Jade Ruyi is shaped like a claw staff, and was once used as an itching tool, alias "no seekers". Later, it was often carved with dragon and floral designs, which are smooth and transparent, signifying good luck, and can be used as a gift.
Five Bats Cong
The five bats are carved on the four sides and the bottom respectively. It is mostly used for worshipping the land, and the shaman communicates with heaven and earth through the "pillar of heaven and earth" with the help of the five bats, asking for blessings.
Liu Hai plays a toad
"Liu Hai plays the golden toad, step by step to catch money", the legend says that before Liu Hai sealed the god of wealth, he played the golden toad, and got its five hundred years of cultivation of the golden elixir, so the toad spit money, and help the world. People often paint, cut paper and make jade with this matter, and if you invite Liu Hai home to place it, you can pray for fortune.
Statue of Xuan Tan Zhenjun
Zhao Gongming, the true ruler of the Dragon and Tiger Temple, is in charge of the four immortals of Treasure, Treasure, Fortune and Profit, and is often worshipped by the people. To this statue of the true monarch, can seek "to remove the plague to cut abuse, to protect the sick to avoid disasters, public litigation injustice suppression, buying and selling for money", there is no bad.
Zhong Hua celluloid circle
The Myoho Lotus Sutra records: "Gold, silver, glass, giant clams, onyx, real beads, rose seven treasures synthesis of the many Chinese celluloid", is the integration of the world's treasures, Buddha and Bodhisattva often wear celluloid. It is said that the celluloid is full of peach pulp, which can be used externally to cure bleeding from knife wounds.
Thousand Buddha Treasure Bracelet
This precious bracelet is obtained by carving the image of a thousand Buddhas who emerged from the sagas in the jade world and asking the great monks to chant the sutras and open the light beside it. Those who receive this treasure will be guided by the Buddha to eliminate the five evils of "turbidity of karma, turbidity of vision, turbidity of life, turbidity of sentient beings and turbidity of worries", and if they can gain a glimpse of the Buddha's teachings, they may transcend life and death.
Qiong feast shines on the moon plate
"open jade feast to sit flowers, flying goblets and drunken moon", made of living jade jade plate, carved with table feast, flowering trees, closed moon, a sense of cold and cool. If shining under the moon, the feast is colorful, blooming flowers, closed moon and full, beautiful, viewers of this scene, such as to the heavenly banquet, eating immortal peaches and immortal wine, the body wants to ascend to immortality.
Treasure bowl
The world has a treasure basin, can attract wealth, rumor has it that "occasionally left a silver hairpin in the basin, silver hairpin full, can not be counted", is a treasure sought by the world. Today to Kunlun live jade made of treasure basin, puff full of gold and jade in it, very noble, although not really to produce wealth, but the person who gets it good luck, wealth, seems to be the work of this basin.
Crystal jade pendant
Carved from jade into a pendant and suspended from the waist, it was prevalent in folklore. "The gentleman has no reason, jade does not go to the body", the gentleman is often compared with jade virtue, thought its warm and lustrous, gas like white rainbow.
Jade Butterfly
"Pink wings two yoyo, fluttering over the short wall", jade butterfly that jade butterfly, lifelike, seemingly can love flowers flying flowers, fluttering with the wind, very dynamic. There are flowers shaped and colored like jade butterflies, and the world often chant, and gradually evolved into the name of the words and tunes in the market, euphemistic and lilting.
Jade Amulet with Jade Carp
The carp transmits a letter, and the spirit keeps its promise. A carp-shaped token made of emerald jade is often used to make a pact, and sometimes to transfer troops. It has both the power of a scepter and the power of love.
Jade Faced Beaver
If a person catches a civet cat, the rat will not dare to come out, and the image of a civet slave carved in jade is dexterous and lovely, very pleasing. Because the civet cats when catching rats, weaving and tumbling, making good use of the body posture tendons, evil rats are afraid of them, so they can emulate the civet's resourceful behavior.
Suzuran Jade Cauldron
"The jade kettle is used for decocting medicinal juice, and the jade kettle is shaped like a bell orchid. Its fragrance is elegant and it is incorporated into the medicine, which makes the medicine also remove the bitterness and increase the fragrance, making people feel relaxed and happy.
Sun and moon pearl
"The sun and the moon have a constant, the stars have a line", the sun and the moon beads have two channels of sun and moon aura, in accordance with the normal principles of heaven and earth, due to the time and change, so that the light sometimes blaze, sometimes cold. People are illuminated by the light, they always know the time and situation, on the situation can also be harnessed to make the aura into their own use, good for other things and reduce their own loss.
Feng Shui Hybrid Pearl
The wind has energy, the water has a dynamic potential, these two things are within reach, but difficult to use. But the feng shui hybrid bead can be shaped by the location, absorbing the energy of the feng shui, hybrid as one, complementing the personal qi, potential. At the same time, if a place where the wind does not disperse, the water line has a stop, is a very good feng shui phase, then the effectiveness of this treasure is even stronger.
Cold Jade Yutaka
"The flower is a smallpox, if the Buddha is born, you can feel the appearance of this flower. Although it is not a real flower in the sky, it can also feel the Buddha's great blessing power and give off a cool fragrance, and send the spiritual power and riches given by the Buddha into the human body continuously, so that people can have divine help.
Nine Color Rouge Pot
This pot is carved from a whole block of nine colors of living jade, the colors of which are different from each other, intermingling and blending, with the fairy aura floating, like the nine fairies in the sky. If it rains in the sky, the pot will gradually fill with fairy tears, and when the weather is fine, the tears will be transformed into the aura of the fairy gods, which will protect the owner of the pot, and whenever there is a change in the atmosphere, it will be assisted by divine power.
Crystal Jade Chopsticks
A pair of chopsticks made of jade, also known as jade chopsticks, were occasionally used by the rich and famous to eat. Compared to ordinary wooden chopsticks, jade chopsticks do not stain the dust and taste, so people can appreciate the original taste of food.
Jade rabbit mortar
Legend has it that the jade rabbit in the moon palace often pounding medicine, so there are people who make medicine mortar and carved into the jade rabbit image, very cute. Some people also think that the jade hare is pounding ascension medicine, with this jade hare mortar should be able to make the effect of medicine greatly increased.
Qing Guang pot
"The pot has a clear blue color and a cold texture, with a bright and clear glow. If there is pure water in the pot, you can often see that there is condensation on the side of the pot, crystal clear. Drinking water from this pot, the water is cool and refreshing.
Yuroi
Jade roses are carved with warm jade into a beautiful woman, only to see her smile, gentle and kissable, wearing a robe, clothes seem to flutter. If you get this jade Luoqi accompanied by the side, it is like a gentle woman to follow, often have a sense of peace of mind, while the enemy see it, but only feel the demon, heart disturbed by it.
Clear night glazed marble
This vessel is made of glass cups and jars, transparent refractive light, cool and beautiful. People often use it to hold fresh fruit and wine under the moon on a clear night, when the moonlight shines through the glass and folds into flowers on the table, the scenery is psychedelic like a dream, so people can't help but think about it, and can learn from it to get the power of the mind.
Xuan Frost Jade Mirror
Legend has it that during the Tang Dynasty, a talented man met a fairy by chance and pestled her with Xuanshuang fairy medicine for a hundred days before he could marry her. The Xuanshuang jade mirror may be the fairy had used the jade mirror, feeling the sincerity of the talent, the Xuanshuang fairy gas in it, silent assistance. It is also said that this jade mirror, in which you can see the person you love.
Amnesia Mirror
After death, to cross the River of Forgetfulness, you need to drink Menma soup, to forget the past, before reincarnation. All kinds of past events, although people have forgotten behind, but by forgetting the river mirror in which to remember. If you get the mirror of forgetting the river, you may be able to remember the events of past lives, the heart or happy or sad, there are all the vicissitudes of the sorrow.
The Five Lights
In the Zhou rituals, the Xuan Juan is a gift to the North. This five-colored Xuan Juan is made of psychic immortal jade, and it can emit five colored lights during the ritual, which are bright and extraordinary, and is the evidence of the ritual of the gods of the north. "The five lights are ready to be lifted, and the eight winds will blow in the eight winds, which will help the gods of the north.
Kunlun Jade Book
From Kunlun came the jade book, written on the fate of heaven, only those who meet the immortal fate, can interpret the meaning. The sky has a destiny, will also help with the heavenly dao, teach the way, teach the chaos into a method, in the human attack, with the heaven and earth to push and forward, ordinary people can not compete with the power of which, and the heart and soul broken.
Jade Worm Chrysalis
The jade insect pupa-shaped jewelry is lifelike. As the insect builds up its strength in the chrysalis and then turns into a chrysalis and flies, this object can advise people to cultivate their hearts internally and then they can be invincible.
Pu Yu Zhu
Pu-yu beads are made from round stones of natural jade, which are not carved. This stone is simple outside and beautiful inside, with a hidden spiritual power, thought-provoking, the world also often used the "Pu jade" analogy has not shown its ability to sage.
Green money pair ring
The "foreign object" cloud: "green water beetle shape like cicada and long, its son like shrimp, get its son then the mother flew to", green water beetle pair ring is a pair of jade ring, one engraved green water beetle mother, such as cicada-shaped, one engraved green water beetle son, such as shrimp, implying that accompany each other, inseparable.
Double chi dragon jade belt hook
This jade belt hook is long and barb, the hook body is carved with a chi dragon, the shape is suitable, and the back of the hook is then carved with a small chi, reflecting and expensive. It can be worn around the waist to fasten the belt, very comfortable, so that the breath in the body less stagnant expansion.
Tongxuan Jade Tripod
The Jade Cauldron is a ceremonial vessel, which can be used to pass through the mysteries and know the time, and change color when the qi is transferred, which is very wonderful. The tripod cannot hold other things, only the yin and yang of heaven and earth are hidden in it, and the tripod is a furnace to refine these two qi into the human body.
Green Blood Gourd
Zhuangzi: "Janghong died in Shu and hid his blood for three years and turned it into blue", the blue blood gourd is indigo in color and hides blood inside it, so it looks like blue blood outside. This gourd likes to eat human blood, but because the content is very small, it can only continuously turn blood into gas, before it can be incorporated into new blood, this gas into the body, contains the internal quality, also has a wonderful use.
Tai Chi diagram
The taiji diagram is a disc, with black and white jade each into the yin and yang, some people say that this diagram is the only relic left behind in ancient times, which contains the refining of essence into gas, refining gas into God, refining God to return to the void, refining the void to merge with the Tao, the return to the Wuji of God's truth. When a person can break through the truth, you can reach the realm of the living gas and God, through the cultivation of more can continue to improve, and eventually may be able to ascend to immortality.
Jade Purifying Vase
Jade purifying treasure bottle is a divine magic treasure, memory manna water, water has the effect of raising the dead. Mortals occasionally get this jade vase of purity, although no dew, but the vase has long been nourished by the immortal gas, naturally not mundane. Store water in it, the water is clear, and lead the bottle of immortal gas, drink into the body, into the immortal world of Qi yuan, people will also be different from ordinary people.
Four Seas Box
The world tries to talk about the vastness of the four seas, boundless without knowing where it stops, but this box can receive the water of the four seas, only the Heavenly Father can spell to open. Four seas box does not hide things, itself that has a vast force, if placed in the side of mortals, will feel the body's energy surge and tumble, powerless to grasp it, but its endless, transformed into use, can be called divine power.
Golden Leaf Coupon
A piece of worn iron voucher, the front is engraved with fine small letters: \n Zhaozong detailed extension of Taoism, the world's Taoist sects and rise, there are many evil devils and foreigners fish eyes, disturbing the yin and Yang, \n this special order under the disciples of Maoshan Mountain eleven people out of the mountain, put an end to the devil's head blood ghost, sacrifice righteousness, kill yourself to become benevolent... \n the back of the iron voucher, there is another row of messy small letters engraved: \n Although the devil's head is removed, it is difficult to return to the master, now the end has come, will be buried with his beloved blood mound, this coupon is given by the benefactor, dare not lose, so entrusted to the Taoist child returned to the master, this child followed the disciple for many years, the talent is very high, but the mind is not pure, hope that the benefactor to stay to take care of, more discipline, unworthy disciple's absolute pen...\n the last sentence "but the heart is not pure, hope that the benefactor stay care, more discipline" but was severely damaged, changed to "master, master mother, I vow to find you back"...
Dregs of a Pill King
The rare and precious thing scraped from the divine cauldron of the Kongsang school is the dregs left by the alchemists of Kongsang who refined the elixir for thousands of years. Although it cannot be taken or applied, there are always six kinds of splendor that gather together and never disperse.\nAccording to Kongsang sect, after Xu Fu went to Mount Chai and sacrificed lives of thousands of boys and girls to obtain the elixir of immortality but failed, he gathered the five sacred irons and ordered the rest of the alchemists to cast a divine cauldron, hoping to use it to achieve immortality. This divine cauldron produced the immortal medicine by itself, but unfortunately, the First Emperor had already passed away, and this divine cauldron came to Kongsang Mountain along with the alchemists who were scattered like birds and beasts...
Worn-out Monk Shoes
In the dream, after the Old Monk disappeared, all he left behind was worn-out shoes.\nI don't know how many dangerous roads and obstacles I have traveled through with these shoes. Although they have been severely worn out, they are stronger than ordinary shoes. There is a word for "Repair" on the inside of this shoe, and a word for "Travel" on the outside. The two characters are not like embroidery, nor are they like writing with brush and ink. When you think about it carefully, they don't even look like words. Instead, they look like lines soaked in blood and sweat, and thoughts formed by confluence. The way of Zen and martial arts is also the same: internally cultivate the mind to wait for the opportunity of Zen, doing good deeds is more than just helping the crisis...
Empty Qi
This Qi is transformed from Zhenwu's intestines and is not a thing of this world. \nQi is the source of all things. It originates from all things and will eventually return to all things. However, because this Qi cannot flow on its own in this world, it condenses and never disperses. Therefore, this Qi does not originate from this world, so It will not disappear from this world. By exhaling and adjusting the breath, this Qi seems to be going to the outside of the world, so that practitioners can also have the feeling of traveling in the sky. But the sky outside the sky is a fairy palace, or is it nothing?
Lion War Drum
The lion phase gate is used as a war drum to encourage all the halls in the gate and show the unity of all halls. \nThe shape of this drum is similar to the Jie drum, but the sound is deeper and richer. On the left side of the drum is a sleeping lion, which is the symbol of the Sleeping Lion Hall. On the right side is a sitting lion with a brocade mane, which is the symbol of the Jinshi Hall. In the middle is a male lion with teeth and claws, which is the symbol of the Wild Lion Hall. These marks were made by the various halls of the Lion Sect respectively, but due to the constant fighting between the halls, these marks became increasingly confusing as they were repeatedly erased and repainted...
Jade Mirror's Shard
The shard of a mirror extracted from the Jade Mirror is of an unknown material, neither gold nor iron, neither stone nor jade. Engravings on the edge of the mirror depict various scenes: celestial maidens descending from the heavens and surrounding the Jade Mirror, the Jade Mirror seemingly transforming into the shape of a blooming lotus, twelve divine beings drawing drops of crimson blood from a fiery furnace and placing them into the lotus-like Jade Mirror, and numerous nude figures emerging continuously from the Jade Mirror...
Immortal Demon Core
In ancient times, before the world was fully developed, there were many mountain spirits and wild creatures. Legend has it that if these creatures ingested precious items such as fire essence, vermilion fruits, or water jade, which could not be digested, they would form a core in their stomachs. Over time, these cores would transform into Immortal Demon Cores. These cores had the power to allow the creatures to attain a human form. However, despite gaining a human form, these creatures, known as Immortal Demons, were still inherently strange and pure in nature, living for thousands of years. Due to their peculiarities and loner tendencies, they were often avoided by ordinary people...
