Unknown
Unknown Place...
Hills
This is a place where the mountains are continuous and the ridges stretch out, looking across the mountains to the peaks.
Canyon
The cliffs rise up on both sides of the gorge, making it very majestic and imposing, and the road in the valley is so steep that it is difficult for vehicles and horses to pass through.
Cave
Naturally formed caves in the ground, cliffs and crags, where the canals are so narrow that only one person can bend his torso sideways to pass through.
River
The rivers are muddy, with sediment deposits, and their waterways run east to west, north to south, and even for thousands of miles.
Lake
The lake has clear water and gentle currents, in which many live animals such as water plants, fish and shrimps grow.
Pond
The pools are clear, narrow and deep, dark and secretive, with a few fish and prawns growing in them.
Cottage
An ordinary thatched hut, made of thatch, bamboo gabions and mud, is only used for shelter from the wind and rain.
Village
A settlement formed by several families. The inhabitants work at sunrise and rest at sunset, making their living by farming, weaving, fishing and hunting.
Town
A populous marketplace. There are regular gatherings in the town, a lot of goods moving around, and many juggling shows and gatherings.
Flowers
The meadows are covered with flowers. The flowers are in full bloom, like a sea of colours, changing from time to time, fragrant for ten miles, and often fluttering with bees and butterflies.
Forest
A land where trees gather. Amongst them are trees and shrubs with lush foliage, cool breezes, sweet-smelling fruit and high branches where birds and animals often feed.
Forest
Scattered fields of grass and trees. The terrain is open, green and continuous, where birds and animals often come to rest.
Camp
A place where martial artists are stationed. It is surrounded by fences and walls, and has some defensive power.
Temple
Ordinary temples, most of which were donated by nearby residents, contain statues of Buddha, Bodhisattvas, Heavenly Kings and Luohan.
Taoist Temple
It is a place where Taoist monks practice, or where the ancestors of Taoist gods and goddesses are worshiped and often prayed to by the people.
Remnant
A building or address left over from ancient times. It is possible to get a glimpse of the ancient people's existence and to find a few rare artefacts left behind.
Wilderness
A desolate wilderness, open and empty. Its land is barren, and the few grasses, trees, birds and animals grow here with difficulty, while people are rare.
Ruins
I don't know what happened here, but the building is now a pile of ruins, no longer usable, with only the crows circling in the sky for company.
Desert
The desert is a vast expanse of yellow sand with no grass, making it difficult to navigate without preparation, although occasionally you can come across oases of rich water and grass.
Tomb
The hidden ancient tombs left by the predecessors may contain organs, secrets, and treasures in addition to bones.
Cliff
The extremely steep and high cliffs are almost impossible to climb, with the occasional exotic pine and cypress growing on top of them, making for a unique landscape.
Abyss
The bottomless abyss is so deep that no one dares to look into it, so no one knows what dangers lie within.
