Back to Bamboo Hut
A total silence surrounds the bamboo hut.Fallen leaves covers the path leading to the bamboo hut.As though it has been abbandened for a long time.
Down the river
The great river drawn on the map of the righteous father, when from here downstream...
Mysterious bamboo
Use the legendary sword hilts to summon Swordtomb incarnation...
Heroic Monkey
A monkey claimed king in this territory, most monkey in the valley gathered here, They screamed and jumped around all day long and causing troubles to the bamboo hut all the time...
Changes in the village
The place had been swept by fire, during which faint sounds of hissing and crying could be heard... It seemed that people were still in the little village!
Derelict Stagecoach
There is an inn that has been abandoned for many years, and has now become a hiding place for evil beggars...
Dark River
A dark river at the bottom of the mountain, with a long and secretive course that is difficult to see the end of, and which seems to harbour unknown dangers.
Valley Exit
There is nothing special about this place but black、white、green and yellow boulder hidden inside the high vegetation.It would be extremely hard to find the way out if without Adoptive Father's guide.
Ancient Tomb of the Immortal
There resides an ancient tomb here, maybe it is the“Ancient tomb of the Immortal”from the legends...
The World Martial Arts Tournament
Who will become the new hero to unite the martial arts world?
Dark Bamboo from the Heavens
A black-coloured bamboo stands at a distance...
The Land of the Divine
Concentrate on your own calling...
The Death of Eternal Life
There are rumors from time to time, hearing that the depths of Mount Kongsang, once saw the green smoke around...
Tricky Mystery - I
Recently, in Taiwu Village, there have been frequent occurrences of strange things, strange noises in the middle of the night, eerie and frightening, what is the truth, or should we find out...
What is Orthodox
The Emei Sect's "authentic martial arts dispute" is intensifying, and fights among disciples are a common sight...\nCurrently, the life and death of the White Ape is uncertain, and Shi Houjiu is covering the sky with one hand. If the descendants of Taiwu don't make a decision soon, they may regret it for the rest of their lives...
Negotiation with the Three Devils
Placeholder
Three Ancestor's Competition
No
Ultimate Art of Lion Face
The Lion-Face Clan is holding a "Secret Ultimate Art" competition. The outside of the venue is heavily guarded, and it is difficult for ordinary people to enter...
Five Sacred Heart Poison
The bloodstains of the Five Immortals Sect were spreading, and for some reason the smell was fishy...
Striving to Live
A Bright Fairyland 2
On the top of Xuannyu Peak, next to Jade Mirror. I saw the mountains and rivers in the mirror transformed into a landscape, and the smoke and clouds changed into shapes, as if there was a scene of great emptiness, which was ethereal and moving. If I look into the mirror again, I wonder if I can find out the truth behind the former senior sister's drowning...
A Bright Fairyland 3
A Bright Fairyland 1
Doubtful and Sad
Suspicious, sad and dreamy, strange things happen frequently in Taiwu Village, and the truth seems to have come to light; but at this moment, Ji Xi left without saying goodbye, and had to follow the trail all the way, asking what happened...
The Tomb of the Dead
Where the blood shines strangely, the vegetation is overgrown, and there are no insects and ants. If you look carefully, there is a hidden ancient tomb. The place is full of death, and the sky is dark...\n Now that the door of the tomb is open, the dark wind is blowing, and the figure of the old man in red has disappeared here...
Tricky Mystery - II
Tricky Mystery - III
Lonely Luan in the Mirror
In the snow of Mount E, past events are hidden deep inside. A mysterious person wrote "Lone Luan's Ballad Mirror" here, but I don't know if there are any rumors from the past that were left in Xuannyu Peak...
Traces of an Immortal at the bottom of a cliff
In Mount Emei, there are dangerous cliffs. If an ordinary person loses his footing and falls, they will either die or be disabled...\n\nAs for the scenery at the bottom of the cliff, because few people have traveled there, although there are various rumors, it is difficult to distinguish the true from the false...
Worn Out in Body and Soul
Support the Three Devils
Rise from the Dead

Evil Spirit Shows Up
Home Tea Party
Preparing for a home-cooked tea party with the help of local scribes...
Home Banquet
Preparing for a home-cooked feast with the help of local scribes...
Restaurant Banquet
With the assistance of the local scribes, a restaurant banquet is being prepared...
Green Hut Crossing Worship
This place is everywhere decorated with lights and drums, can be described as lively and extraordinary, the original is the wedding of the heir of Taiwu is being carried out here...
Garden Tea Party
A courtyard tea party is being prepared with the help of local scribes...
Manor Tea Party
Preparing for an estate-wide tea party with the help of local literati...
Manor Banquet
Preparing to start an Manor House Wine Banquet with the help of the local scribes.
Dispute of Sect
A dispute of Sect is happening, the Cause of dispute seems be related to「Taiwu」...
Nest of Beggars
There are many mansions of nobles and high-ranking officials in the alleys of Changya and Luo. Hundreds of beggars roam there freely, listening to the gossips in Jianghu.\nA group of vicious beggars resides here, not only frequently harassing the nearby residents and travelers, but also spreading their malice and diseases to the surroundings...
Camp of Thieves
Under the cover of a dark night and howling wind, thieves commit their crimes. In the midst of rain wolves come out of their dens. Even if there's no jade or pearls, they will take a few taels of silver, to not leave empty-handed.\nIn this area, the local residents frequently fall victim to theft. There have been rumors that people have witnessed suspicious thieves lurking nearby, behaving like ghosts...
Fortress of Robbers
Trees are planted by someone, roads are built by someone, but here I am, raiding boldly to strengthen my stronghold. Like leaving feathers when wild geese pass, and leaving skin when beasts walk, let the fat sheep stay to contribute to the toll.\nA large group of arrogant bandits occupy roads and seize bridges in this area. They form alliances, exerting their dominance for miles around, and the number of people being oppressed by them is countless...
Traitor Gang
The nine schools of thought, three doctrines, and fifteen sects all impose constraints. Thus, drifting into the Jianghu, the heart is like white clouds, always free, and the mind is like flowing water, unrestricted. Why seek shackles?\nIn this place, numerous expelled disciples from various sects gather. Some seek revenge, others harbor malicious intentions, ultimately forming a group that causes trouble in the Jianghu...
Villain Valley
Murder and arson for a golden belt, repairing bridges and roads to bestow blessings. Some seek pleasure in debauchery and plunder, while others find joy in giving and accumulating merits. Whether Buddha or Devil, it all depends on one's thoughts.\nMany desperate individuals, entangled in both righteous and evil debts, have taken refuge in this place. Living on the edge, licking blood from the blade, they lead exceptionally ferocious lives...
Aroma Array
There's an end to heaven and earth, only love and hatred remain eternal. In the next life, do not entrust your heart to a woman, and henceforth, do not be ensnared in the web of emotions!\nA bewitching fragrance envelops an area shrouded in crimson mist. Alongside the faint laughter and seductive melodies within, waves of exotic scents continue to waft through the air...
Mass Grave
Flesh and bone turn to dust, returning to the underworld, yet the wandering soul does not visit the Yama's palace. Why linger in the mortal realm? It is always a regret that is hard to reconcile...\nAbandoned is this ominous place, where the bodies of many unjustly deceased lie. With the frequent visits of devilish sorcerers from the Jianghu, an even more terrifying shadow is cast upon this land...
Talents Residence
Amidst the chaotic flowers, there are several thatched houses. Engaged in the pursuits of literature, painting, and playing the qin and chess, they pay no mind to the disturbances of ordinary people in the mundane world. Discarding garments, leaving behind shoes, and abandoning formalities, freely indulge in laughter and revelry.\nSome unorthodox and eccentric individuals have settled in this place. Though possessing extraordinary skills, these individuals are temperamental, indifferent to right and wrong, and act solely on their whims...
Heresy Stronghold
Hear my teachings, heed my instructions, not of our kind, not of our mind, summon the fiend, devour the foe, our one lord, undefeated under heaven. \n A large group of foreign cultists gathered here, they set up up altar to make offering to fiends, cast fog and miasma and kill people for fun every day, terrifying all who hears of it...
Shura House
Neither human nor ghost, the soul have no heart to bind the body, wander the universe. People say they are like Tao Wu, akin to Qiong Qi, razor claw and saw teeth consume human flesh, they are both monster and demon. \n An evil place with many terrible killings, many of those who have lost those mind in the killing wander the place controlled by a refiner of the heart...
Demon's Party
When one is so evil, their sin reach the heaven, even a mountain's worth of bamboo cannot document it all, even the water of the four sea cannot wash it clean. They shall fall into the hell of Avici: their tongue pulled to plough the field, their intestine shredded by blade, molten bronze fill their mouth, frozen pond immerse their body...thus evil is eradicated in a sea of smoke, sin destroyed in a river of sand \n Demonic Qi is overflowing in this place, the possessed gather at this place, and a nameless demonic cult is tormenting righteous martial artists with terrifying methods in this place...
Abandoned Zone
One leave the ordinary life to avoid chaos, alas, conflict in Jianghu has no end as well, the hate does not end. Thus one cast themselves into wine, killing people within the world, blood upon dragon scales. Yet who does not wish to cast it all aside, hiding away as a man of the forest, away from the matter of the world...\n This place used to be a barrier for an area cut off from the world, until the conflict within Jianghu found its way here, and those who sought their hermitage inside returned to the world together with their hatred...
Hall of the Righteous
World in chaos, evildoer gather and run rampant, the people crying in silence, you ask for my desire in life: I care not to die in battle, but I seek to wipe out the bandits for the people! \n Now its the time, righteous warrior gather to wipe out evil from Jianghu, many such volunteer gathered here, seeking to slay the evildoers…
Chivalrous League
Where isn't Jianghu, we meet and share a wine, our minds meet, our live intertwined, we ride through the seasons, and wander through that nightly rain. \n The chaos does not end in this word, righteous Xia can be found in any generation, hearing news of disturbance nearby, disciple of a sect gathered here, it is unclear what they are up to...
A World of Secrets
The people suffer in chaos, innocent are people's lives. Let the flute turn to the sword, killing the monsters slaying the fiends. When the village return to song and dance, rest upon the mountain rock beyond the world. \n Within a corner of the wildness, a strange cry disturb the mind. The place is hard to find, it seems to be a hidden realm. Why not explore the strangeness within...
Tournament - Blade
This place is holding a tournament on swordplay, from the five lakes and four seas of the Jianghu martial artists, fists, eager to try, can not wait to get into the ring, show some skills!
Tournament - Sword
This place is holding a sword tournament, from the five lakes and four seas of the Jianghu martial artists, fists, eager to try, can not wait to get into the ring, show some skills!
Martial Arts Sect
The event of the sect - the sect competition - is being held here, and both elder and ordinary disciples are returning to the sect to watch and learn the art, to seek guidance and to show their skills in all their glory...
Tournament - Melody
This place is holding a tournament on musical instruments, martial artists from the four corners of the world, fist pumping, eager to try, can't wait to get into the ring, show some skills!
Spring Fair
With spring in full bloom and everything coming to life, chambers of commerce around the world are taking the opportunity to hold spring fairs...
Tournament - Hidden Weapons
This place is holding a competition on concealed weapons, from the five lakes and four seas of the Jianghu martial artists, fists, eager to try, can not wait to get into the ring, show some skills!
Tournament - Polearm
This place is holding a tournament on the Polearms, from the five lakes and four rivers and lakes martial artists, fists, eager to try, can't wait to get into the ring, show some skills!
Tournament - Exotic Weapons
This place is holding a tournament on the strange door, from the five lakes and four rivers and lakes martial artists, fists, eager to try, can't wait to get into the ring, show some skills!
Tournament - Fist
This place is holding a tournament on boxing and palm, from the four corners of the world, the martial artists, fists, eager to try, can not wait to get into the ring, show some skills!
Tournament - Soft Weapons
This place is holding a tournament on soft weapons, from the five lakes and four rivers and lakes martial artists, fists, eager to try, can not wait to get into the ring, show some skills!
Tournament - Kick
This place is holding a tournament on the leg, from the five lakes and four rivers and lakes martial artists, fists, eager to try, can't wait to get into the ring, show some skills!
Tournament - Ranged Weapons
This place is holding a tournament on imperial shooting, from the five lakes and four rivers and lakes martial artists, fists, eager to try, can't wait to get into the ring, show some skills!
Tournament - Finger
This place is holding a tournament on fingering, martial artists from the four corners of the world, fist pumping, eager to try, can't wait to get into the ring, show some skills!
Art Contest-Cookery
Held every year at the time of the winter, butchers around the convergence here, cutting skills, their happiness, competing for the "cooking sage" this scenic name!
Art Competition - Poison
Held every year at the beginning of winter, doctors from all over the world gather here to discuss the poisonous art and have a good time, competing for the scenic name of "Deadly Poisoner"!
Art Competition-Forging
It is held every year at the time of winter, where craftsmen from all over the world gather to exchange their skills and have fun, competing for the scenic title of "Forging Master Craftsman"!
Art Contest-Crafty Craftsman
It is held every year at the time of winter, where artisans from all over the world gather to exchange skills and have fun, competing for the scenic title of "Master Craftsman"!
More Art Conference - Medical Arts
Held every year at the beginning of winter. Healers from all over the world gather here to prescribe good medicine for the sick and consult with their peers...
Art Contest - Brocade
It is held every year at the time of winter, where artisans from all over the world gather to discuss their skills and have fun, competing for the scenic title of "Master Brocade Weaver"!
Art Conference - Wood Making
It is held every year at the time of winter, where craftsmen from all over the world gather to exchange their skills and have fun, competing for the scenic name of "Famous Woodworker"!
World Cricket Congress
The World Cricket Congress is held every 3 years, great cricket trainers have gathered here from all over the world, playing with crickets and having fun, more importantly fighting for the title of ‘Cricket Overlord’! 
Matchmaking - Chengdu
On this day, there is a banquet at a manor house in Chengdu. The owner of this house wants to choose a son-in-law for the banquet...
Martial Arts Tournament - Dali
I heard that the lady of Dali is holding a moon dance, inviting men and women to celebrate together, so you may find your match at this event...
Matchmaking - Fuzhou
According to legend, an ancestor of a Fuzhou clan had a dream to choose a son-in-law for his daughter, who was kneeling in the ancestral hall, waiting for a man to pass his ancestor's test...
Matchmaking - Guangzhou
Guangzhou is full of flowers, no matter summer, summer, winter and cold, there are hundreds of flowers in bloom, there is a powerful lady here is holding a wedding, if someone can pick flowers for the lady's head, it is considered a love...
Matchmaking - Guizhou
I heard that a song party is being held here, the crowd to song to convey their feelings, a vow of love, the two love can be here to the landscape as a witness to tie the knot...
Matchmaking - Hangzhou
I heard that Hangzhou is holding a match with a lamp to marry, the lamp light is the edge, the lamp falls is the edge of extinction, and the young lady is waiting for her husband on the West Lake broken bridge...
Matchmaking - Jiangling
Nine sisters and nine sisters to accompany me, the reunion table to worship... Jiangling has a custom of ten sisters, today, I heard that the young lady wants to use the ten sisters to test the suitors...
Matchmaking-Capital
The capital's powerful ladies are at the age of marriage, the capital everywhere lights and decorations, servants to and from, to meet the four sides of the marriage suitors, and heard someone say "to get more help", I do not know what it means...
Matchmaking - Liaoyang
Yanshan Sengyun, Liao water folding, above the grassland, is holding a match with a white horse and a green cow...
Matchmaking - Qinzhou
Qinzhou caravans to and from, camel bells burst, this day is the gathering of many good martial artists, it is said that the yellow sand, the lady is waiting for the hero to send her the most valuable treasure here - clear water...
Matchmaking - Qingzhou
On this day, the Qingzhou area is holding a wedding, it is rumored that if the bride is destined to the wrist will give birth to a red line, representing the marriage with the bride...
Matchmaking-Shouchun
Yunmengze homeland, is holding a powerful competition, the crowd of horses and forests, hunting for heroes!
Matchmaking - Taiyuan
Taiyuan City, a fallen aristocrat is here to hold a powerful ring wedding, all around the famous, the heroes gathered here, or for a glimpse of beauty, or fist pumping only for the skills to overpower the heroes, hold the beauty, just for the lively people are not a few...
Matchmaking - Xiangyang
The Mekong River is full of bright rocks and the river is long... I heard that the noble lady is holding a bridal shower here, according to Xiangyang custom, if you look for a stone to convey your feelings, you may be able to impress the beautiful lady...
Matchmaking - Yangzhou
The song boat gathered, flowers scattered... heard that Yangzhou is holding a beauty pageant, in which a young lady wants to find a good match at this time...
Matchmaking - Chengdu (Female)
On this day, Chengdu city, a different Zhuang has a garden banquet, want for Taiwu heir in this banquet to choose a son-in-law...
Matchmaking - Dali (Female)
Dali is holding a moon dance for Taiwu heirs, inviting men and women to celebrate together, each may find their destiny at this time...
Matchmaking-Fuzhou (female)
In the Fuzhou clan shrine, a marriage recruitment event is being held for the Taiwu heirs, and it is said that those who seek marriage need to be tested by their ancestors in the clan shrine before they become a good man...
Matchmaking - Guangzhou (female)
Guangzhou is filled with the fragrance of flowers, no matter summer, summer, winter and cold, there are hundreds of flowers in bloom, this place is holding a marriage recruitment for the heir of Taiwu, if someone can pick flowers to crown her head, it is regarded as a promise of love...
Matchmaking - Guizhou (female)
I heard that Guizhou is holding a song party for Taiwu heir, the crowd to pass on their love with a song, a vow of affection, the two love can be here with the landscape as evidence, to tie the knot...
Matchmaking - Hangzhou (female)
I heard that Hangzhou is holding a match for the heir of Taiwu to the light, the light is bright, the fate of the light falls, the fate of extinction, on the broken bridge, or can wait for a good man...
Matchmaking - Jiangling (female)
Nine sisters and nine sisters accompany me to the reunion table to worship... Jiangling has been the custom of ten sisters, today is for Taiwu heir to use this custom to test the people who are seeking marriage...
Matchmaking - Capital (Female)
The capital is holding a huge competition for the Taiwu heir, the capital everywhere lights and decorations, servants to and from, to meet the four sides of the suitors, and listen to someone said "to get more help", I do not know what it means...
Bimbo - Liaoyang (female)
Yanshan Sengyun, Liao water folding, above the grassland, is holding a match for Taiwu heir to the white horse youth bonding...
Matchmaking - Qinzhou (female)
Qinzhou caravans to and fro, camel bells, this day is gathered many martial artists, it is said that the heir of Taiwu is holding a wedding here, waiting for heroes in the yellow sand for her to send the most valuable treasures here - clear water...
Matchmaking - Qingzhou (female)
The Qingzhou area is holding a marriage for the Taiwu heir, by the red lady matchmaking, it is said that if someone has a destiny with him, the red thread representing marriage will be born on his wrist...
Matchmaking-Shouchun (female)
Yunmengze homeland, is for the Taiwu heir to hold a powerful competition, the crowd of horses and forests, hunting competition!
Matchmaking - Taiyuan (female)
Taiyuan City is holding a huge ring for the Taiwu heir to the wedding, all around the celebrities, heroes and heroines gathered here, or for a glimpse of beauty, or fist to hold the beauty, just for the lively people are not a few...
Matchmaking - Xiangyang (female)
The Mekong River, the river is long... I heard that the heir of Taiwu is holding a marriage ceremony here, according to the custom of Xiangyang, if you are given a stone to convey your feelings, you may be able to tie the knot...
Matchmaking - Yangzhou (female)
Song boat gathered, flowers scattered in all directions... heard that Yangzhou is holding a beauty pageant, Taiwu heir also participate in it, and want to find a good fate at this time...
Search Black bear
After the natural disaster, a hundred beasts are frightened, sounding and not stopping... Rumor has it that a running black bear was seen here...
Search Hericium
I heard that after the natural disaster, the grains here have begun to grow, I wonder if there is something spiritual hidden in it...
Search Blue peacock
The green hills in this area are beautiful, birds chirping, and occasionally hear a few strange calls... or a blue peacock?
Search Dragonfish
After the natural disaster, the mountains collapsed and the rivers broke their banks, forming a large water area here...
Search Amethyst bamboo
This place feng shui disorder, the ground lack of aura, repeatedly have the disaster of ground movement, so few people dare to approach...\n <color=#darkgrey> (This encounter requires the use of gold and silver materials...) </color> 
Search Obsidian sandalwood
There is a forest in this place, now, the forest has a strange change, so the fog is filled, it is difficult to identify the actual...\n <color=#darkgrey> (This encounter requires the use of iron materials...) </color> 
Search Gold essence
Heard that after the natural disaster, this place will appear a cave, which although narrow and cramped, debris, but the spirit of light hidden, seems to hide some rare gold and silver... \n <color=#darkgrey> (this encounter requires the use of jade materials...) </color> 
Search Mythic iron
A fire meteor fell from the sky and landed here, forming a huge iron mountain with a sea of fire stretching for tens of miles around it...\n <color=#darkgrey> (This encounter requires stone materials...) </color> 
Search KunLun jade
According to legend, after the natural disaster, this place suddenly showed a vision, the stars gathered, the light shining and scintillating...\n <color=#darkgrey> (This encounter requires the use of plant fabrics...) </color> 
Search Heavenly jade
After the natural disaster, the stone here becomes lustrous and transparent, as if there is a glowing glow, as if it is due to the emergence of a foreign treasure...\n <color=#darkgrey> (This encounter requires the use of fur fabric...) </color> 
Search Mythic Cicadaskin
Legend has it that after the natural disaster, the woods here were suddenly infested with all kinds of exotic beasts, and some people had seen golden singing cicadas here...\n <color=#darkgrey> (Wooden materials are required for this encounter...) </color> 
Search Sky-silkworm silk
After the natural disaster, this place suddenly appeared a large towering mulberry trees, many ants and silkworms in its presence, I do not know whether the legendary heavenly silkworms are here...\n <color=#darkgrey> (This encounter requires the use of bamboo vine material...) </color> 
disaster and happiness depend on each other
The blessings and misfortunes are originally dependent on each other, and no blessings are possible without a great disaster; the gains and losses are originally one, and it is difficult to keep the truth if one refuses to give up. After the natural disaster, this place has a strong purple energy, which is the sign of the end of the disaster and the birth of the blessing, and the end of the suffering. Can receive the blessings of this place...
odd and square
After the natural disaster, this place buried ancient precious beasts, insects have revived, although the world has changed, but is still not allowed two masters, between the strange things are not giving way to each other, struggling to conquer, however, all things in the world, always mutually exclusive, one thing down to one thing...
Life and death follow each other
"The living sacrifice their lives to save the dead, the dead return to heaven to comfort the living". The land of natural disasters, death is heavy, but things are bound to reverse, life and death is a cyclical process, the very death of the disaster, the hope of survival, if you can sacrifice life to become benevolent, or can get the most vital treasures of heaven and earth...
Reflections of reality and illusion
The natural disaster is horrific, the earth has changed the sky, a chaos between the yin and yang back to obscurity, everything back to the unformed, sometimes it seems to see the ancient beasts break the stone to take off, sometimes it seems to see the dream of orchids into the shadow of the competition, but not into the chaos, who knows the reality, illusion, true, false...
All things come together
"The place where the poisonous snakes are found must have the antidote to poison". After the natural disaster, this place is vicious poison flowing, various colors of miasma to cover the sky, there are also all kinds of strange things disturbed by the world or attracted by the vicious poison to come, or see the snake, or see the poison toad, there are also strange grasses break out of the ground...
Search Broken grass
Sparse forest wilderness, flat and quiet, but no one dares to approach - I heard that all kinds of poisonous substances can be found everywhere...
Search Millennium icy-silkworm
Rumor has it that after the natural disaster, this hill is suddenly surrounded by cold air, the wind rises at times, it seems that there are spiritual things born of cold hiding in it...
Search Millennium cyan spider
After the natural disaster, this place suddenly grass and trees withered, life decay, rumor has it that someone had seen a green spider with a jasper body here...
Search Human face mandala
Deep valley quiet, the wind sent a strange fragrance... aroma seems to come from a short distance ahead, but look far away, but did not see the flowers...
Search Evil flower
Rumor has it that after the natural disaster, this place suddenly grew a sea of flowers, in which there are many poisonous things growing...
Search Blood toad
After the natural disaster, this place tide does not fall, flooding is difficult to calm, the sea water hidden blood red, stretching a piece, very horrible...
Swordtomb “Glacial Vassal”
Seven swordtombs appears nearby after the immortal's leaving.The word “Glacial Vassal” is engraved on the tomb, there seems to be something going to break out! 
Swordtomb “Spirit Smelting”
Seven swordtombs appears nearby after the immortal's leaving.The word “Spirit Smelting” is engraved on the tomb, there seems to be something going to break out! 
Swordtomb “Phoenix Cocoon”
Seven swordtombs appears nearby after the immortal's leaving.The word “Phoenix Cocoon” is engraved on the tomb, there seems to be something going to break out! 
Swordtomb “Vanquish Evil”
After the ancient tomb fairy left, seven sword mounds suddenly appeared near Taiwu Village. \n This tomb is one of the seven sword tombs. There is no vegetation in the tomb, and it is full of chills. The three characters "Vanquish Evil" are engraved on the tomb. It seems that something is about to break out of the tomb...
Swordtomb “Wonderglow”
Seven swordtombs appears nearby after the immortal's leaving.The word “Wonderglow” is engraved on the tomb, there seems to be something going to break out! 
Swordtomb “Draconic Anima”
Seven swordtombs appears nearby after the immortal's leaving.The word “Draconic Anima” is engraved on the tomb, there seems to be something going to break out! 
Swordtomb “Weaving of MoNyu”
Seven swordtombs appears nearby after the immortal's leaving.The word “Weaving of MoNyu” is engraved on the tomb, there seems to be something going to break out! 
Swordtomb “Infernal Acerjail”
Seven swordtombs appears nearby after the immortal's leaving.The word “Infernal Acerjail” is engraved on the tomb, there seems to be something going to break out! 
Swordtomb “Anchorite”
Seven swordtombs appears nearby after the immortal's leaving.The word “Anchorite” is engraved on the tomb, there seems to be something going to break out! 
Extermination - "Glacial Vassal"
Jiuchan was at a loss for words, lost in thought... and seemed to be in great pain...
Extermination - "Spirit Smelting"
Yi Yihou was at a loss for words, lost in thought... and seemed to be in great pain...
Extermination - "Phoenix Cocoon"
Jin Huoer hands and feet, lost in thought... seems to be in great pain...
Extermination - "Vanquish Evil"
Dayue Yao is often at a loss for words, lost in thought... seems to be in great pain...
Extermination - "Wonderglow"
The art party is at a loss for words, lost in thought... seems to be in great pain...
Extermination - "Draconic Anima"
Weiqi hands and feet, lost in thought... seems to be in great pain...
Extermination - "Weaving of Mo Nyu"
Mo Nyu hands and feet, lost in thought... seems to be in great pain...
Extermination - "Infernal Acerjail"
Xue Feng hands and feet, lost in thought... seems to be in great pain...
Extermination - "Anchorite"
to the hands and feet, lost in thought... seems to be in great pain...
The chapter of the edge - "Great Genin"
Nine cold brow locked, is out of mind... do not know what to think of...
The edge of the chapter - "burning God refining"
Yi Yi Hou frowning, is out of mind... do not know what... remember
Margin - "Phoenix Cocoon"
Golden Phoenixer frowned and was lost in thought... I don't know what... came to mind
The edge of the chapter - "voodoo iron"
Dayue Yao Chang frowned tightly and was lost in thought... I don't know what I remembered...
The edge of the chapter - "Ghost God Xia"
Art Fang frowned and was out of his mind... don't know what he remembered...
The edge of the chapter - "solve the dragon spirit"
Wei Qi frowned tightly, is out of mind... do not know what... remember
The edge of the chapter - "Weaving of Mo Nyu"
Mo Nyu frowning, is out of mind... do not know what... remember
Fate of the chapter - "prisoner of the devil wood"
Xue Feng brow locked, is out of mind... do not know what... remember
The chapter of the edge - "dissolving dust hidden"
to frown, is out of mind... do not know what... remember
Demon Sealing Light - Glacial Vassal
Where the Divine Light is
Demon Sealing Light - Spirit Smelting
Where the divine light is...
Demon Sealing Light - Phoenix Cocoon
Demon Sealing Light - Vanquish Evil
Demon Sealing Light - Wonderglow
Demon Sealing Light - Draconic Anima
Demon Sealing Light - Mo Nyu
Demon Sealing Light - Infernal Acerjail
Demon Sealing Light - Anchorite
《Omnidirectional Kick》
The unearthly treasure - "Eight Theatre Supreme Treasure Sutra" - has been discovered! The masters of all schools of martial arts are gathering here, and a great battle is inevitable! Who will be able to win the treasure scripture?
《Storm Swiftness》
The unearthly treasure - "The White Cloth Book of Transformation" - has been discovered! The masters of all schools of martial arts are gathering here, and a great battle is inevitable! Who will be able to win the treasure book?
《Myriads》
The unearthly treasure - "The Great Book of Thousand Laws" - has been discovered! The masters of all schools of martial arts are gathering here, and a great battle is inevitable! Who will be able to win the treasure book?
《Shadow Sneak》
The unearthly treasure - "The Book of Miraculous Shadows" - has been discovered! The masters of all schools of martial arts are gathering here, and a great battle is inevitable! Who will be able to win the treasure book?
《Return to Innocence》
The unearthly treasure - the "Hun Xin Wu Zi" - has been discovered! The masters of all schools of martial arts are gathering here, and a great battle is inevitable! Who will be able to win the treasure book?
《Dragon Treasure》
The unearthly treasure - "The Nine Seasons of the True Collection" - has been discovered! The masters of all schools of martial arts are gathering here, and a great battle is inevitable! Who will be able to win the treasure book?
《Ragnarok》
The unearthly treasure - "The Absolute Voice of the Goddess" - has been discovered! The masters of all schools of martial arts are gathering here, and a great battle is inevitable! Who will be able to win the treasure book?
《Murderous Mara》
The unearthly treasure - "The Record of Ten Killing Demons" - has been discovered! The masters of all schools of martial arts are gathering here, and a great battle is inevitable! Who will be able to win the treasure book?
《Heavenly Divine》
The unearthly treasure - "The Divine Art of the Heavenly Passage" - has been discovered! The masters of all schools of martial arts are gathering here, and a great battle is inevitable! Who will be able to win the treasure book?
《Nameless Sword》
The unearthly treasure - the "Nameless Sword Code" - has been discovered! The masters of all schools of martial arts are gathering here, and a great battle is inevitable! Who will be able to win the treasure book?
《Unprecedented One》
The Book of Immortal Treasures - The Book of Immortal Genesis - has been discovered! The masters of all schools of martial arts are gathering here, and a great battle is inevitable! Who will be able to win the treasure book?
《Dragon-like Carving》
The unearthly treasure - "The Picture of the Elephant and the Dragon" - has been discovered! The masters of all schools of martial arts are gathering here, and a great battle is inevitable! Who will be able to win the treasure book?
《Finger of Hades》
The unearthly treasure - the "Heart View Remains" - has been discovered! The masters of all schools of martial arts are gathering here, and a great battle is inevitable! Who will be able to win the treasure book?
《Symbol of Sky》
The unearthly treasure - "A Painting to Open the Heavens" - has been discovered! The masters of all schools of martial arts are gathering here, and a great battle is inevitable! Who will be able to win the treasure book?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>