Iron Hoop of the Itinerant Monk
The Iron Hoop of the Itinerant Monk is made of fine ironis made out of solid materials and shaped like a circle. It is mostly worn by journeymen.
Fine Steel Helmet
The Fine Steel Helmet has evolved from helmets worn by generals and soldiers in the Tang Dynasty. It is made of Fine Iron, shaped like a bucket and covers the head.
Experienced Guardian Hood
The Experienced Guardians are the Imperial Palace Guards, with the Experienced Guardian Hood being what the Imperial Palace Guards wore. They later simplified the design and wore it with reformulation.
General's Black Oil Hood
"Wearing Black Oil Hood will not hide white hairs on the temples." The Helmet is made of metal and iron, it is black and solid. It is names because it is mostly worn by generals.
Eight Treasures Tiger Helmet
The Eight Treasures Tiger Head Helmet was created by a thousand hammer strikes. the helmet is engraved with the eight Buddhist treasures, and a majestic and imposing tiger is carved on its top.
Metal Straw Hat
Vajra means "solid, there is no way to cut it off". The Metal Straw Hat is made of hard iron by cold forging method, and its texture is so hard that it cannot be destroyed by external objects.
Iron Wolverine
To create the Iron Wolverine is to take the divine iron to the secret method of hammering and become, the shape of the winding, like a lying dragon, cold and hard texture, as if dragon scales, it is the "lying dragon than the waves, the potential to pull up five mountains up.
Ao's Reverse Scale Armor
According to legend, the big ao has a reverse scale under the neck, is the strongest thing. Big ao inverse scales pocket is with three hundred and sixty pieces of "big ao inverse scales"-like iron hammered into shape, like a turtle armor, indestructible, can be described as the world's rare magic weapon.
Black Iron Hat
"Xuan iron covers my head, long straw coat my lapel, the only one who walks, who dares to invade the jianghu?" Xuan iron hat is dark in color, with a shimmer, as solid as a rock, as solid as a golden soup, divine weapons can not damage it a centimeter.
Copper Hood
The Copper Hood is mostly worn by soldiers when in training. It is shaped like a reversed bucket and is thin and brittle. Heavy hits may create dents.
Flower Crown
The shape of the inlay is flat and square, the texture is light and soft, and the body of the inlay is carved with a variety of patterns, or flowering branches entwined, or flower clusters.
Burnished Silver Blue Tin
The burned silver blue inlay is beautifully crafted, with flower patterns hollowed out on the inlay body and pearls and jade embedded in it, which is complicated and gorgeous, and dazzling and prosperous, just like "burning silver with wax, Jiuhua vomiting".
White Snake Golden Crown
"The white snake body is so small that it turns into clouds for rain and snow and the moon is bright. The white snake gold inlay is made of gold and silver, shaped like a white snake, the snake's head is inlaid with pearls, although the view is simple and elegant, but it is a gorgeous thing.
Purple Gold Crown
The purple gold crown is made of gold silk, and the crown body is decorated with Boshan, conical ears and tassels, and there are precious stones inlaid on the top of the crown, which makes it dazzling to look at.
Qilin Horn Lion Crown
Lin horn lion crown golden light, such as the color of lion hair, helmet body towering, such as the horn of the qilin. It is the "lion horn pride, take it for my head ornaments", this helmet is the only way to show the pride of the teenager wearing it.
Golden Eyed Beast Armor
"Golden-eyed beast looks like a qilin, harnessed to the sky into the sea, can not reach anything. The golden-eyed beast face pocket is made after the shape of the golden-eyed beast, soft and tough texture, flowing color, as if the real beast coiled, and there is a ruiqi does not disperse.
Cloud Swallowing Crown
"The gold and jade are dull and swallowed by the haze, and the light of the crown base is subject to the moon wheel. The color of the inlay is like the evening sunset, and the whole body is flowing with light, as if it is dyed by the throughput of clouds, and the inlay head is cast with the pattern of phoenix dancing in the nine heavens, which is vivid and does not resemble artificial carving.
Nine-Headed Jiao Headband
The book contains: "the great wilderness, there are gods, nine heads and dragons body, the name of the nine Jiao". According to legend, this headband on the nine heads of the dragon is a nine-headed auger, the enemy since the start, the nine heads of the fight to eat the flesh and blood of those who come, no enemy is rest, auger body coiled perched on the crown.
White Wood Hairpin
The white wood hairpin's material is hard and extremely difficult to polish. Flowers, plants and other things are engraved on the top of the hairpin, which is used to fix the hair and crown. Adding a rustic charm, both men and women can use this accessoire.
Magpie Beak Hairpin
"The sparse star is so bright that you can hear the joy of magpies". The magpie beak hairpin is carved after the magpie's state of announcing happiness, and is loved by the world because of its lovely form and the good meaning of "magpie omen happiness".
Dragon Fish Crown
The crown of the fish and dragon is shaped like a dipper, and is engraved with the appearance of thundering spring rain and leaping fish and dragons, with delicate texture and vividness, which corresponds to the scene of "grass and trees meeting the sun and spring, and fish and dragons meeting the wind and rain".
Mandarin Duck Hairpins
"Yuanyang Yu Fei, Bi Zhi Luo Zhi. The mandarin ducks are on the beam, and their left wings are collected". The ink-splashed mandarin ducks are divided into two branches of "mandarin" and "ducks", and when one is destroyed, both hairpins are broken, as if they were sentient.
Vermilion Red Plum Hairpin
The Vermillion Red Rlum hairpin hairpin is carved from red plum. The view may be weak, shaky, but when a strong wind comes, it does not move, just like the character of the plum blossom.
Hundred Flowers Butterfly Hairpin
"To the head of the hundred flowers, looking for butterflies, looking for spring color". According to legend, the hundred flowers butterfly hairpin originally for the East Jun's things, is to take a hundred years old wood, carved by the hollow method, because of the divine appearance of the hundred flowers, so there are often butterflies looking for fragrance to perch.
Fulong Hidden Fragrance Hairpin
The head of the hairpin is engraved with the head of a dragon, resting with its eyes closed; the stem of the hairpin is the body of a dragon, with brilliant scales and armor; the end of the hairpin is carved with the tail of a dragon, with the wind waving its feathers. If a wise man uses it to pin his hair, there will be a dark fragrance coming.
Treasured Dragon Crown
"The Yellow Emperor drove Ying Long to the South Pole and killed Chi You and Kua Fu", according to legend, the Yellow Emperor reigned and Ying Long became his crown, hence the name. This crown is hard, hit without damage, like dragon scales; the shape is beautiful, noble, can be described as a heavenly treasure.
Dragon Manifesting Crown
"The sun, the moon and the stars are called "chen" and "ming" is called "zhao". Zhaochen bundle is also called "the crown of the emperor", which was not to be worn by the emperor or the queen in ancient times. This crown, such as the sun, moon and stars on the rotation, bright radiance, brilliant, not like earthly things.
Green Bamboo Hairpin
"It is advisable to weigh the saintly vegetation, carving the flowers will not be appointed. For the gentleman's jewelry, this is a substitute for gold". People love the elegance of bamboo, so they make hairpins of bamboo and carve them as they wish to get the natural charm.
Shaman Mask
Most of the witch masks made of old wood, its five features or like a demon shape, or ghost-like, bright and colorful, look like a ghost like the devil, very bizarre.
Broken Goose Pin
The head of the Broken Goose Hairpin is carved with a lonely goose. The bird's eye of this goose is carved in detail and contains a sad color, which corresponds to the inscription on the hairpin: "The sun sets and the clouds return, the cold sky is broken and the goose is broken", which makes people look at it and feel worried.
Young Dragon Pen Hairpin
"The mother dragon is called Jiao, and the son is called Gnarled, whose shape is like the body of a fish with a snake's tail and a pearl skin. Gnarled hairpin pen hairpin head carved gnarled head, hairpin end inlaid wolf hair, so called hairpin pen; this hairpin often for the literati and celebrities hairpin in order to prepare for writing.
Lotus Crown
Lotus crown is simplified from the Taoist lotus crown, this crown shape imitates the shape of the lotus, there are four sides of two leaves, opposite each other, hairpin in the hair, just like a dewy red lotus, delicate without losing its bones.
Enchanted Flower Ghost Face
This crown is to take the shape of the world's beauty drawn, lifelike, just like a real person, the viewer is always fascinated by it, lost in thought do not know why.
Wuji Buckle
As the saying goes: "Wuji and Taiji, Taiji moves and produces Yang, moves and is still, and is still and produces Yin". The Wuji button contains the way of yin and yang, the beginning does not know the beginning, the end does not know the end, and those who do not know the mystery of Wuji cannot get its reason.
Divine Tree Hairpin
"The sacred wood, pine and pine spirit longevity of the genus". According to legend, the hairpin is the hair ornament of the goddess of Yaochi, this hairpin is carved from the ancient sacred wood for the bone, and take the Yaochi flowers and plants embellished into the decoration, so the hairpin bone fragrance, hairpin on the hundred flowers bloom for a thousand years and do not fail.
Purple Kite Chant
"Emitting light Chinese hairpin, kite flying hostile to the sky". The purple kite chant is shaped like a kite bird spreading its wings, flying on the green clouds and the sea, the state of the nine heavens, and if a bird cries, it can always echo with each other, a moment of kite bird chanting.
Red Turban
"military officials often red conical cap, into its power". Red conical cap color red, triangular in shape, in ancient times more for military officials to wear, now more for the Jianghu people wearing.
Unfettered Headcovering
After the free scarf towel draped with two long white belt, wearer action between the two belts swaying, dashing and dynamic, quite a few free attitude.
Fine Cloud Crown
Slender cloud crown shape like a double moon, light as a slender cloud, because of the beautiful shape, light and soft texture, and widely loved by young boys and girls.
White Deer Towel
"Also wearing a white deer scarf, and immortal guest friends. White deer scarf is white in color and tough in texture, mostly worn by literati and hermits.
Green Wing Crown
The green wing flying tassel crown is light and delicate, and when the wearer raises his hand and foot, the crown belt moves naturally, undulating up and down, just like a green bird spreading its wings and wanting to enter the clouds.
Cloud Haze Towel
Although the cloud haze scarf is only one foot, but this one foot, there will be all kinds of cloud haze color. As the saying goes: "clouds and haze out of the place, then seize the sun and the moon's brightness", the beauty of this scarf, can also seize the light of the sun and the moon.
Ruyi Hunyuan Towel
The "mixed element" is remembered before the chaos, the beginning of the vital energy. Legend has it that the scarf is made according to the theory of mixed energy, which can make the wearer far away from demons and spirits, and drive away evil spirits, this scarf is black in color, as if there is an aura winding around it, and it is as remote as chaos and emptiness.
Heavenly Eye Golden Pupil
Heaven's eye golden pupil like a pupil, gold glitter, it is said that the crown heaven's eye golden pupil, such as the birth of the third eye, can view everything under the sun, or far or near, or large or small, none of them can see.
Cicada Shell Ribbon
Cicada shell treasure bundle is taken from the gold wool cicada shell weave, the texture of the soft to rigid, infinitely variable, indestructible, can be said when rare.
Tiger Leather Armor
The tiger skin pocket is made from the skin of a fierce tiger in the mountains and forests, with hard material and natural patterns to deter forest animals.
Leather Conical Hat
Fan Yang bucket hat is made of leather, shaped like a bucket hat, with a wide brim, which can shield the sun from the rain, and is of good quality and low price, and is widely loved by the people of the time.
Twin Carp Hat
"The carp is the longest of all fishes and has a good shape. The crown of the carp cage is shaped like a cup and bucket, and the crown is embroidered with the figure of two carp jumping into the water, which is exquisite and lovely to look at.
Myriad Beasts Armor
Hundred beast pocket is sewn with several kinds of mountain and forest beast's fur, the shape is different, the color is dappled, people with this hat into the mountains and forests, then a hundred beasts do not dare to invade.
Blood Velvet Hat
Blood velvet cap is woven with the newborn beast's fleece, light and warm, wearer even in the nine cold, also do not feel the cold invasion.
Pixiu Twin Beast Crown
Wuzi resembles a lion, with wings, because often eat pearls and jade, and full of treasure. On the crown of the pair of beasts embroidered with two beasts, one sleep with eyes closed, meaning "benevolence"; one open eyes to measure, meaning "for rui", lifelike, as if the real beast.
Nine Phoenixes Vermilion Plume
"In the midst of the great wilderness, there is a mountain named Arctic sky cabinet, the sea water north of the injection. There are gods, nine heads, human face, bird body, named nine phoenixes". Legend has it that the nine phoenix vermilion plume is made of nine phoenix tail feathers, the color is like sand, burning its flamboyant, when the wind is floating spirit, vaguely have a phoenix song.
Yama's Crown
The ten temples of Yama, living in the nether world, the Palace of Moro, palm life on earth, life and death, unified underworld good and bad. According to legend, the crown of Hades is the crown of the Qin Guangwang dynasty, the crown on the twelve tassels of black color like ink, the death gas lingering around, mortals touching the harm that will be affected by it, the ghosts see and avoid retreat.
Daluo Immortal Crown
"The realm of Da Luo, there is no more true ruler, but the Qi of Da Brahma, encompassing the heavens and space above". The Da Luo Heavenly Immortal Crown is square in shape, with no ornaments, the crown body is hollow, like the flow of heaven and earth, the gods wear this crown, can contain the transformation of all things; mortals wear it, or can clear the body for bone.
Felt Hat
Felt hat made of animal hair, shaped like a bucket, hard texture, summer can shade, winter can protect the cold, all seasons are useful.
Fur Hair Tie
"The one who wears the hair does not hang down, and is also the one who decorates. The hairless head is made of tiger and leopard fur, which is comfortable to wear and strong and wearable.
Mountain Ghost Hat
Mountain ghost hat to take the skin of wild animals sewn and made, with seasonal flowers decorated brim, all the grass, wood, the beauty of the beasts, people with this hat slowly walking in the mountains and forests, it is as if the mountain ghosts by red leopard parade.
Bagua Scarf
Eight trigrams scarf body embroidered eight trigrams pattern, decorated with white jade for ornaments, scarf back draped with two ribbons. People crowned with this scarf, quiet is the scarf with the Thai, walking is the scarf with a dash, and people in one.
Auspicious Grass Crown
Ruicao crane crown is imitation of the crane bird feather crown made, the crown is decorated with blue grass, in order to respond to the "Ruicao" meaning, with this cap if dashing, it is like a crane dance among the clouds; if standing at the wrong end, or like a chicken flying and singing.
Roaming Dragon Tie
The dragon bundle has a flowing shape and carries the youthful spirit, and is worn in the hair as if "the dragon is moving in the air, and the rainbow is winding", so who would not say: "Wuling young gold city east, silver saddle and white horse in spring".
Wind and Thunder Crown
"The rebuke is the rise of the wind and clouds; the drumming is the inversion of Song Hua". The wind and thunder crown contains the wind and thunder of the North Pole in the crown, and when the enemy is defended, the wind and thunder will rise, as if the ao is frightened to shake the sea and rebuke heaven and earth.
Soaring Crown
The crown is made of the fur of a foreign animal, and is decorated with nine dragons in gold silk, and also decorated with beads and jade, and a pair of folded corners at the back of the crown resembles the sky, thus giving it the name of "Chong Tian Guan".
Golden Cloud Crown
The golden haze crown is made of gold wisps and silver interwoven, gold and blue fluorescence, color like haze, the view of the brilliantly born, people can not look straight, it is "full of haze cage universe, splashing the sky waves seeping soul".
Military Cap
The military-style bun, with ears on both sides, was initially worn by soldiers in the north during training, but gradually flowed into the marketplace.
Wind and Fire Tie
The wind and fire fire armor head originally called "wind forest volcano armor head", is to take "Sun Tzu's Art of War" in "its speed like the wind, its Xu like a forest, invasion like fire, immovable like a mountain" meaning, after because of the inconvenience of calling, so save called "wind and fire armor head ".
Cloud Bird
The cloud head bird crown is woven with a cloud head, and the crown head is embedded with bird feathers, looking like a coquettish bird playing among the clouds, beautiful without losing ingenuity, can be considered a good product.
Tiger Crown
Fuhu crown is named after the shape of a fierce tiger crouching down. This crown has a black body, hard material and is not easily damaged, so it is mostly worn by military men.
Imperial Hat
Chaotian cap cap body embroidery cloud crane, double swallow pattern, cap after a folded corner such as wing, and beautiful fixed use. Literati say this cap: "fluttering posture, dashing line cloud".
Golden Luan Purple Magpie Crown
"Golden Luan Purple Magpie Commission sideburns clouds, sorrowful face to make a timid new beauty". The "Golden Luan Purple Magpie Crown", also known as the "Golden Luang Purple Que Crown", is said to be created by Wu Zetian, the production of complex and fine, precious materials, non-powerful and wealthy families can not be made.
Adorned Gold Crown
The crown is embroidered with nine golden dragons, which are in different postures, chasing clouds, playing with pearls through fog, or curling up to look back, and all kinds of forms jump out of the crown, just like real dragons coming down to earth.
Nine Heavens Towel
"The nine skies of the stars reflect the bright light, the sky is divided into five colors of the day open. Nine sky towel view of the soft light glittering, as if weaving the stars into the moon, if a person touches it with his hand, the hand is also light, stars, for a long time does not disperse.
Xuanyuan Crown
Xuan Yuan is also known as the Yellow Emperor. According to legend, the Yellow Emperor had lost his hair crown during the sealing of Taishan, and the beasts felt the benevolence of the Yellow Emperor, so they took their own fur to make a coronet and offered it to the Yellow Emperor, and since then, later generations have called the coronet, which is the essence of all the beasts, "Xuan Yuan".
Yellow Turban
The yellow conical cap in ancient times is the status of lowly people wearing hair accessories, after wearing because of the convenience, gradually for the people to use, the noblemen still disdain.
Five Elders Crown
Five old man crown imitates the lotus flower petals, the crown body with colorful thread embroidery "five old man", both sides of the sword head long belt hanging down, walking like the wind, very dashing.
Cornelian Cherry Crown
"The first time I saw the film, I had to go to the show. The ancients have the custom of head hairpin dogwood, because of the beauty of the view, it was made to follow this method dogwood crown: its dogwood are braided with colored threads, the wind to shake, vivid as life.
Nine Beams Towel
Nine beams scarf cap top back up, shaped like the eaves, cap before there are nine beams hanging down. This scarf originally more for the Taoist priests to wear, and then for the people of the time to modify the system again, because the shape of the end of the reason, gradually popular in the merchants.
Nanhua True Master Crown
This crown is made of simple materials, easy to make, and the crown belt is elegant and dazzling, which can be said to have the true meaning of the word "free", and it is said that this crown is created by Zhuang Zhou, so it is named "South China True Master Crown".
Twilight Snow Crown
Twilight snow crown with a little glittering light, with the flow of time and light and dark changes, can be described as "sunset shale flying snow, white and the same glow"; texture light floating, like snow non-snow, as "ice cold dew drops, fragrant snow through the light gauze". Therefore, the people of the time called it "color and quality of the two best".
Sky Snake Crown
"The twenty-two stars of the Teng Serpent are in the north of the camp room, the Heavenly Serpent is also the main water insect". The crown is made in the shape of the Teng snake, the crown body is like a curled snake, the scales and armor are cold, the eyes of the snake are attractive; there are golden wings on both sides, shaking the wind, rolling clouds and rain, when the wearer moves, it looks like the Teng snake is swimming in the clouds and fog.
Taiji True Element Crown
The Taiji true essence crown is made of special materials, which can be used for dressing and nourishing the inner body. This crown is decorated with a piece of Taiji shaped cap, which means "the beginning of the great road", practicing martial arts with this crown, you can get twice the result with half the effort. People call this crown as "outer body tendons and bones, inner true essence".
Primal Chaos Towel
"Chaos is connected, invisible to the eye and inaudible to the ear". The Chaos Scarf is red and black, shaped like a full moon, with a hole in it and a hairpin running through it, meaning "to pass through the mysteries"; the scarf rises high behind it, meaning "to transcend"; this scarf is even the softest and clearest thing, when you wear it, you will have a clear spiritual platform, and your mind will enter the void, mixing with nothing.
Hemp Cage Crown
The hemp cage crown is made of random materials, delicate, rough and fragile texture, can not always be worn, so the crown is not only for the farmers like, but also for the rich and discarded.
Four-way Towel
"The four-square scarf is the same as the cloud scarf, taking the meaning of pacifying the four directions. The four-square scarf is shaped like a cloud ladder, and the four corners are square when it is displayed, so it is also called "square scarf", which is elegant and worn by scholars.
Turtle Crown
In ancient times, the powerful and noble people loved to decorate the two walls of the sheep carriage with oil painting turtle pattern, and later the people decorated the crown with this pattern. The turtle pattern crown is named after the turtle pattern embroidered on the body of the crown, and its material is soft and not easily damaged, so it can even be worn for several years.
Vairocana Hat
Vishnu, that is, the common name of the Dharma body Buddha. Vishnu cap like a blooming lotus flower, cap body embroidered with Vishnu Buddha image, both sides or tied yellow silk, or embedded jewelry, the view of the gorgeous.
Golden Hibiscus
"branch hibiscus makeup gold pistil, ten miles diffuse fragrance". Golden pistil hibiscus cap body is with gold silk tired into, which is decorated with celluloid, brim to take the Chinese brocade made, delicate and colorful, only look at its appearance, it is like to smell the fragrance of hibiscus flowers.
Ten Brocades
"The clothes and brocade are in a thousand shapes, and the weavers skillfully cut them into cloud scarves". Ten kinds of brocade material soft, color has a thousand kinds, can be changed at any time, people said this scarf of the exquisite: non-heavenly clouds can not weave, non-weaving maids skillful hands can not be made.
Six Elephant Tusk Crown
The six tusks are called "charity, precepts, patience, humiliation, refinement, meditation, and wisdom". The crown is made from the six tusks of a white elephant with six tusks, and is made from silk, but has the same warm texture as jade.
Fire and Ice Net
Fire raccoon is the hottest cloth, ice is the coldest silk, fire raccoon ice is made of these two. It is said that if one wears the fire coon and ice robe in summer, one will have a cool body and not feel hot; if one wears the fire coon and ice robe in winter, one will have a warm body and not feel cold.
Heavenly Silkworm Tie
In ancient times, kings used to use the bundle of heavenly silkworms as a "national gift" to reward the monarchs of friendly countries. The bundle is transparent, luminous and made of extremely tough material, which is difficult to be damaged by heavenly weapons, and is a rare and exotic object.
Scholar Towel
The scholar towel is made of cotton, shaped like a ladder, simple and square, with an elegant and quiet atmosphere. This hair towel is mostly worn by scholar, so it got its name.
Jinxian Crown
"Jinxian Guan, the ancient black cloth crown also, the clothing of the Confucian". Jinxianguan originally for the scholar attire, and to the Tang Dynasty, the court dress for the hundred officials, the crown embellished beam, in order to divide the official rank; now people abandon the beam, the people can also wear.
Yearning Towel
"According to the legend, a woman in Tang Dynasty missed her husband and her tears fell in her dreams, and the tears stained the towel. The woman's tears stained the towel, and the tear stains remained on the towel for years. The people of the time felt their feelings and made "Acacia Towel" after this towel.
Hundred Flowers Tie
Four seasons hundred flowers bundle cap body carved four seasons of flowers, people say "four seasons are good scenery, hundred flowers together", its shape pocket, exquisite exception, if a person to the bundle of hair, look at it is like a hundred flowers from the hair and born.
Zhuge Silk Towel
Legend has it that during the Three Kingdoms period, the prime minister of Shu Han, Zhuge Liang, often wore this cap in the army, after the Confucian general followed suit and passed on, so it is called Zhuge spandex. This cap is woven with ribbon, after the cap has green silk draping.
Peony Brocade Net
As the saying goes, "ten feet of peony like brocade, cut as a crown and spring competition". Peony brocade roses such as picking peony hundred colors and become, color lush and bright, vague fragrance, if wearing this scarf walking in the hundred flowers, hundred flowers are also ashamed to see.
Xuantian Crown
"The head is covered with the stars of the sky and the clouds are its color". The Xuantian crown is green and black, decorated with gold and jade for the stars, which can be seen at night with a slight flash of light, and in the daytime with a flood of colorful light, just like the sun, moon and stars of the sky and the sunset.
Nine-colored Blood Ribbon
Nine infants, with nine heads and nine lives, for the ancient fierce beast. According to legend, this crown is made of the nine infants' nine tassels, the tassels on the crown have nine colors of bright light, shaking the sound of crying babies. People said that this crown is difficult to make: "often get a tassel and a thousand people die, tired of a crown and ten thousand people die", so it is called "blood tassel".
Underworld Towel
Underworld, also known as the underworld. After death, the soul returns to the underworld, and if there is any evil, the person will enter hell, suffering, pain, soreness, and all kinds of poison, so the scarf should be born.
White Silk Towel
The color of fop scarf is white like frost and snow, and the texture is soft like flowers, which is most loved by daughters. This scarf white color easy to dirty, not often wear.
Bada-patterned Brocade
The Bada pattern brocade was made with gold brush outlining and colored silk weaving, or embroidered with plum, orchids, bamboo and chrysanthemums, or embroidered with two lions playing with a ball, the pattern was continuous in eight directions, the workmanship was gorgeous and exquisite, and the goods were beautiful and inexpensive, so it was widely sought after by the people of the time.
Star-patterned Tie
If you wear this scarf in the darkness of the night, you will be like a river of stars.
Eight Immortals Crown
"Floating to visit the Eight Immortals, from the ground to the sky, the fragrance is full of air". This crown is embroidered with eight immortals on both sides of the crown body, either in the scene of crossing the sea or in the state of drinking together, the appearance of the eight immortals is vivid and the charm is reflected.
Expansive Towel
The scarf is made of basaltic silk and swan skin, with a long scarf covering both sides. The literati wear this scarf to get the leisure feeling of wind and snow night travel; the Taoist priests wear this scarf to have the righteousness of Hao Ran.
Green Frost Crown
Green frost crown is a green female thing, beautiful and exquisite, soft like clouds, cold as frost, the color is pure and elegant, like frost and snow woven from, very strange.
Seven Treasure Galaxy Weaving
The seven treasures are "purple gold, silver, crystal, glaze, yard agate, pearl, coral", the seven treasures of the Milky Way weaving is to take the seven treasures, with the secret method embedded in the silk brocade and become, its light is brilliant, the view is just like "the Milky Way falls into the nine heavens", gorgeous and unusual, few in the world can be compared to those.
Dragon Beard Crown
"peacock wing tail auger dragon beard, are also expensive". Dragon beard treasure ribbon crown thin and soft, color brilliant, people said this crown expensive with "peacock wing tail auger dragon beard", not the son of heaven can not wear, so the name is "dragon beard treasure ribbon crown".
Taishi Tie
"The lighter is the sky, the heavier is the earth, and the more harmonious is the human being, so heaven and earth contain essence, and everything is born. If a person wears this treasure for a long time, it can remove the turbidity and nourish the six internal organs.
Black Stone Hairpin
The black stone hairpin is carved with the style of a hundred animals in the mountains, or two rabbits running, or a fierce tiger pouncing on food, although roughly polished, but the hairpin in the hair is also interesting.
Rainbow Gem Crown
Ying Hong Guan is carved from jade, glittering, shaped like a rainbow bridge, so named "Ying Hong Guan". This crown is beautifully shaped, but unfortunately the texture is hard but not tough, very easy to break.
Vermilion-eyed Snake Crown
The vermilion-eyed snake crown is made in the shape of the Tengxiang snake. Take the black jade carved into the crown body, decorated with red stone, as the snake eyes, the view of the awe-inspiring cold, as if the Tengxiang snake by the black clouds and arrived.
Red Cloud Hairpin
"red haze in the temples, luster is still better than the beauty branch". Tongxia hairpin is like a flower branch, shaped like a stream of clouds, brilliant as Tongxia, luster and glitter, reflected in the human face, red than rouge.
Luminous Seven Star Crown
"The seven stars of the Big Dipper are carved from jade, with the seven stars of the Big Dipper hollowed out on them, which can produce light at night.
Emperor's Crown
The crown of the Heavenly King is based on the simplification of the crown on the head of the Eastern King of Heaven. This crown is made of gold and jade, the crown with beautiful jade carved with Mani Buddha, posture compassionate and solemn, just like the true body of Mani.
Chi Tiger Hairpin
"chi, if the dragon and yellow, the north is called the ground mole", chi tiger hairpin hairpin body cut chi tiger coiled shape, the feather scales visible; hairpin carved chi tiger angry eyes attitude, the view of the majestic wind. According to legend, this hairpin is taken from the chi tiger's blood and jade together to make, is the world's most precious.
Blue-eyed Immortal Mask
"The mountain meets the immortal, the blue eyes good face". Green-eyed immortal face color emerald green, hairpin head shaped like a human eye, it is said to be made of 'blue-eyed square pupil', predestined to have immortal fate.
Chiyou Horn
Book: "Chi You personal cow hooves, four eyes and six hands, ears and temples such as swords and halberds, head with horns. Chi You horn is the Chi You head of the horn change, shaped like a bull's horn, the whole body of the color, or the wearer can get Chi You's divine power.
Crystal Jade Hairpin
The crystal jade hairpin is shaped like an artichoke, and its color is mostly lake green, with a fine and rounded texture, and its head is unadorned and plain.
Jewel Crown
People often say: "a bucket of pearls into a crown". This crown is made of gold and jade jewels accumulated, simple and rough, although it looks luxurious, but it is a cheap thing.
Jade Leaf Inlay Flower
Jade color inlay hollow thin tire, is blown and made, the hairpin head carved jade casque style, there is a gap in the middle, can be hairpin flowers.
Flowing Frost Crown
"The clear light is nowhere to be seen, and the white spirit is flowing in the frosty sky". Flowing frost crown has a glowing light around the body, soft as flowing frost, wearing this crown and walking, it is like walking under the moon, Mu all the clear light of the moon.
Peaceful Hairpin
The dark color of the daytime view of the ghostly mango, dark, ordinary; but if viewed at night, the hairpin body shimmering, such as a river of stars, beautiful and eye-catching.
Ice Glaze Dots
It is decorated with the feathers of the kingfisher bird. If you shine the light on it, you will see the kingfisher bird shining on the water, which is exquisite and dynamic.
Vermilion Heart Hairpin
Jiuhua vermilion heart hairpin is an imitation of the sacred herb "vermilion heart autumn chrysanthemum" made of vermilion heart pistil made of vermilion jade, delicate petals carved with a hundred years of beautiful jade. Beauty wear it, walking between only see the flower hairpin waving, petals or Shu or together, very magical.
Parting Hairpin
This hairpin was originally a jade hairpin made by Emperor Shun for Ehuang and Nuying when he was touring the south in his later years. When this hairpin was made, Emperor Shun also died in the south, so the people of the time named it 'Li Ren'.
Empty Bright Crown
"The head of the crown of emptiness, the light of the moon". The empty brightness of the empty brightness crown comes from two things: first, its color is transparent and natural, the light is like a sea of clouds, clear and empty, and second, when it is made, it needs to be pure and natural, clear and empty.
Leg-irons
Shackles made of iron, shaped like a circle, hard texture, ordinary weapons are difficult to damage it.
Iron Lock Shoes
Iron-locked shoes are made of steel soles and chains are fastened to the feet. Iron lock shoes are easy to make and easy to wear, but wearing them for a long time will hurt the ankles.
Soldier Boots
In ancient times, armor boots were the military boots worn by soldiers, and the body of the boots was covered with armor to resist swords; the toe of the boots was equipped with a sharp blade that could be self-received and self-released.
Leopard Face Iron Boots
The leopard face iron boots are tall and heavy, and the body of the boots is decorated with a leopard's face, revealing a fierce attitude and incomparable horror. In ancient times, when facing the enemy in the sand, the general often wore these boots to deter the enemy.
Ghost Head Boots
"Crack the ghost head and burn the ghost marrow, for my clothes for my feet". According to legend, the ghost head boots are created by the immortal Zhong Kui, the sole of the shoe cast a hundred ghost heads, with the power to suppress evil spirits.
Double-ringed Earthquake Shoes
The double-ringed earth-shaking crawler is made of cold forging method, with double rings inlaid on both sides of the crawler body, the rings are engraved with tiger and leopard eyes, and the soles are as heavy as stone hammers, and the ground sinks when you step on it, shaking and shaking the sky.
Vajra Foot Rings
Vajra foot ring is extremely hard, can not be damaged by external objects, will not be invaded by external forces, such as getting the Vajra divine power in it. This foot ring to a thousand pounds of gold and iron melting and polishing, can be considered extremely valuable.
Rushing Dragon Boots
Longxiang is also called "Longchamp", which means the dragon of driving. The boots are embroidered with the golden dragon flying attitude, the whole body is colorful, like the light of the sunrise, people walking with these boots is like flying by dragon car, the sky beyond the nine heavens, can be reached in an instant.
Prisoner God Lock
According to legend, the lock is made after the ancient beast, its shape or like chaos, or like the poor, fierce look evil eyes, people see the chills; its boots body lock the spirit of the beast in it, the fury overflowing, the fierce power, cover the four directions, so people said it can: "purge the ghosts and demons, sweeping the borer prison immortals".
Copper Foot Ring
Copper foot ring is light and soft, bright color, when walking, copper ring collision, there is a tinkling sound, very pleasant to the ear.
Silver Ridge Copper Boots
The silver ridge copper boots are made of copper throughout, and the shoe beam is inlaid with silver threads, which are viewed as a line of snow color for a thousand miles of loess, hence the name.
Snow Refining Boots
Although the snow refining boots are made of gold and silver, but the texture is light, people in the north often wear these boots to hunt in the mountains and look for herbs.
Golden Bear Head Boots
"Ten million soldiers, fierce as the bear fierce". In ancient times, generals regarded bears as a symbol of bravery and often decorated bear heads on top of their costumes and flags, and the Tukin Bear Head Boots were born out of this.
Pagoda Boots
The pagoda boots are shaped like eight layers of pagodas, and the body of the boots is cast with lingzhi clouds in brilliant color and vividness. People often wore these boots, saying that the boots were "one foot auspicious, one foot as desired".
Phoenix Wing Golden Boots
The golden boots with phoenix wings are made of three thousand gold wires, with fine and dense weaving, and they are made of flowers, with double wings on both sides of the boots, shaped like phoenix wings. If you walk with these boots, it is like two phoenixes spreading their feathers and supporting the clouds, so there is a poem that says: "Show all the gold silk boots, two phoenixes supporting the clouds stand sea ao".
Demon Subduing Tiger-eye Rings
"I descend from the devil to the earth, three thousand eight hundred and ninety roads". The tiger-eye wheel is created by a wandering Taoist priest, with a tiger-eye wheel embedded in both wheels, which is like a flying tiger.
Divine Shoes
The sea wave divine queue, the fairy witch peak, can be reached, so called "divine queue crawl". Divine Que crawler has twelve channels of haze, brilliant light, walking radiance, mortals wearing this crawler, it is light body, like floating and rise.
Golden Armor Boots
Gold armor foot is a silk winding and become, its warp and weft, such as smoke clouds and water waves, can be described as "both soft and firm, but also Wei also beautiful"; its encounter with light and phi colorful brilliance, shining in all directions, can be described as "color than the clouds, dazzling the sun"; its quality to hard to hard, such as unbreakable gold armor. It can be said that "gold armor body, copper wall iron wall.
Wooden Clogs
The wooden clogs are equipped with double teeth, and if you walk on the stone and wood with the clogs, there is an ethereal sound. According to legend, Xi Shi danced with these shoes and was so pleased by the King of Wu that he built the Clogs Gallery.
Eagle-beak Shoes
Eagle beak shoes pointed toe, such as the beak of the eagle, the body of the shoe with cloth and silk connected, open toe in the outside, comfortable and lightweight, for the people often in the summer.
Coiled Snake Clogs
"The clogs are carved with the body of a snake on the bottom of the clogs. The bottom of the clog is carved with the body of a snake, and the head of the snake is coiled and lying on the head of the clog, which looks like a real snake living on the shoe, which is very horrifying.
Xiegong Clogs
The clogs are said to have been created by Xie Lingyun, a poet of the Southern Dynasty, hence the name. The bottom of Xie Gong's clogs can be moved, so if the front teeth are removed when climbing up the mountain, it will be easier to climb the mountain, so Li Bai praised: "With Xie Gong's clogs on your feet, you can climb the green cloud ladder.
Butterfly Wing Red Clogs
"Butterfly Wings Clogs cover the flowers, and they walk around looking for spring. The red clogs with butterfly wings are red in color and have wooden pieces on both sides of the shoes, just like the wings of a butterfly, hence the name.
Yaksha Shoes
Night fork, also known as the fast and furious ghost. Night fork foot is light and hard, when wearing the wind under the foot, as if the night fork flying posture, so people call it "night fork foot".
Yin Yang Shoes
As the saying goes, "Yin and Yang is submissive and difficult to be exhausted, and the two to return to a ninth house". If a person is energetic, he will be fast with this track, which is called Yang gathering; if a person's energy and blood are dispersed, he will be as fast as riding the wind with this track, which is called Yin gathering.
Dragon Snake Clogs
The clogs have a bright yellow texture, like a dragon and a snake, and if a person walks with these shoes, it is as if he is riding on a dragon and a snake, and the cliff can be traveled without obstruction, so it can be said to be able to "survive in a desperate place".
Kui Long Clogs
According to legend, this shoe was created by Cao Pi, the Emperor of Wei, and was named "Kui Long". The material of Kui Long clog is made of sacred wood, which is made of natural texture, tough and indomitable, and has a purple body.
Bamboo Footwraps
The bamboo leg is made of bamboo gabions, rough and cheap, mostly worn by farmers in the fields or firewood in the mountains.
Mountain Footwraps
Tansan wrapped feet are simple to make, mostly made of rattan or cork weave, soft and tough, touching the rocks will not be damaged.
Toad Back Shoes
Toad-back shoes have black, green and white colors, with high and thick soles and inlaid with linden seeds on the upper, as if the toad's back. Wearing these shoes in the rain, the view is like "the wind is high and the waves are fast, ten thousand miles riding the toad back.
Water Dividing Clogs
The clogs are equipped with double teeth, so if water is encountered, the water will pass through the gap between the two teeth. During the rainy season, young girls often wore these shoes to go out and play in the water by trampling on the mud.
Earth-scented Shoes
"Lotus step lightly fly, ten miles of dust fragrance". Dust fragrance cushion shoes are slender, soft, with the fragrance of grass, flowers and fruits, walking is dust flying fragrance diffusion, beautiful posture. These shoes are not easy to obtain, and are not available to the rich and noble families.
Green Jade Flower Shoes
The blue calyx takes the emerald color of the blue flower, the winding branches and leaves of the shoe body; the color of the calyx of the peach garden is taken, and the petals of the flower bloom at the head of the shoe. People walking with this shoe is charming, and it seems like a step by step flower.
Sangharama Boots
Garan, the protector of the Buddhist temple. Carved on the body of the boots, "Jalan" relief carving, has the power to drive away evil and deter evil spirits.
Liu Ren Dun Jia Clogs
The clogs are made of the meaning of "Daliuren" and "Qi Men Dun Jia". Under the left foot of the clogs, twelve earthly branches are engraved, so that you can get a head start; under the right foot, eight doors are engraved, so that you can control the situation of war.
Dried Up Glory
"The clogs are said to be made by a monk in the Tang Dynasty. According to legend, this clog was made by a monk during the Tang Dynasty from a branch of withered wood and a branch of glorious tree, and its left foot is withered, meaning "constant and impermanent", while its right foot is glorious, meaning "me and non-me".
Silk Shoes
Although the production is rough, but very wearable, people say "a track with three years", is the daily wear of the people.
Rising Shoes
The shoes are made of cloth and silk, with a high toe and a slightly divided front, which can modify the shape of the foot, and the upper is embroidered with flowers and animals in colorful thread.
Swallow Shadow
"Through the curtain sea swallow double flying away, only see the curtain moving without swallow". Swallow shadow is made after the shape of swallow, the toe of the shoe is pointed and small, shaped like a swallow's head, and the end of the shoe is divided into two tips, shaped like a swallow's tail.
Bright Lightning Shoes
Electric light crawler body black, smooth shoes, the sole is equipped with iron pieces, step on the ground with the sound of iron and stone, walking with this crawler, do not feel and fast, such as the speed of lightning, so the name "electric light crawler".
Scaly Feathered Flying Boots
Scaled feather flying foot shoes body like snake scales, like bird feathers, water does not wet, see the wind impervious, so called the "scaled feather", as snakes get scales, birds get feathers, the line of speed, so called the "flying foot".
Phoenix Arrival
The toe of the shoe is embroidered with a phoenix head in gold and silver thread, and the tail feathers of the shoe are spread out and the texture is visible, so the people of the time called it "charm like a phoenix, fearing to go to the nine heavens".
Mirror Dance
It is a magnificent dance, just like the "woven peach and jade trees, the silk twisted Nymphaea flowers, and the bright golden mirror of fine treasures"; the texture is light and tough, so it can be called "fast and disorienting, the wind and moon cannot be caught, and the flowers dance in the mirror". This is why people named it "Mirror Flower Dance".
Misty Socks
"Walking clouds fly into the Yaotai Road, dream back to the fragrant wind degree". Misty socks quality like smoke, dust and clouds, misty and invisible, walking on the stone road in the mountains, as if stepping on the clouds, can be said to be a rare thing in the world.
Cicada Shell Boots
"Cover the world's cushion, like the golden cicada shell, light clouds into the moon". Cicada shell boots made of gold cicada shed, thin and transparent, the whole body of gold, noble, light and incomparable, wearing it only feel the wind to move the clouds, seems to be able to quietly into the moon.
Straight Seam Boots
Straight-stitch boots are made of two pieces of cloth sewn together, and the front and back are sewn straight as a line, so they are named "straight-stitch boots", which can keep the cold and warm, and are mostly worn by people in the north.
Goose Top Boots
Goose top boots boots body is wide, boots body snow white, boots head towering, the top is decorated with red tassels, like the top of the goose, walking with this boot only see the red tassels shake, if the goose head swing, very interesting.
Double Carp Brocade Boots
The double carp brocade boots are made of brocade cloth and embroidered with double carp patterns on the body of the boots, which are gorgeous to look at and comfortable to wear. The boots were popular among the people because of their auspicious meaning.
Wuyang Boots
The five yang are: "heart yang, lung yang, spleen yang, liver yang and kidney yang". If a person walks, the jade stones will massage the body's acupuncture points to cleanse the five organs.
Hundred Feathers
"Wearing my hundred feathers like a dragon, east to Penglai to pick Lingzhi". Hundred feathers are soft and tough, with a shiny body, such as taking a hundred birds' feathers and weaving them, so when wearing it, it looks like riding on a bird, hence the name.
Seven Colors Nine Lights Boots
As the saying goes: "seven colors in the morning sun and nine lights in the vermilion haze". Seven colors and nine light boots all over the body of the brilliant light, splendid glory, this boot in the daytime when there are seven colors, such as the color of the morning sun, the night time is flooded with red light, such as the appearance of the evening sunset.
Ghost Toe Divine Boots
Ghost toe divine boots material light, if the wind wrapped feet, as if you can walk in the wind, the texture of the cold hard, over the knife mountain does not damage, line the sea of fire is not bad, with even into the infernal hell, also like a trip to earth.
Qilin Boots
"The unicorn, do not walk on the insects, do not fold the grass, is also called the benevolent beast". This shoe is shaped like the foot of a qilin, flooded with colorful light, which is said to be inhabited by a rare beast, and comes out from the benevolent person.
Golden Dipper
The gold is that the color of this boot is brilliant, such as the flowing light of gold and jade; the Gang is that the shape of this boot is positive, the body is positive, the essence is positive, the god is positive; the Doo is that the body of this boot is embroidered with the pattern of the Big Dipper. In ancient times, the Golden Dipper was not to be worn by saints, and was an extremely noble object.
Felt Boots
Felt boots are made of simple materials, mostly woven with animal hair, and the boots are hard-wearing and cold-proof, and can even be worn to walk in the snow.
Traveling Shoes
"Under the feet of the faraway track, the waves of raw vegan dust". The sole of the shoes has dozens of layers of thick cloth, comfortable to wear and extremely wear-resistant, and will not be damaged even if you travel a hundred miles a day.
Six Directions Boots
The hexagonal boots were made of animal fur, black in color, hard in texture, and waterproof. In the Sui and Tang dynasties, these boots were only worn by the emperor and officials, but later the style was simplified and gradually spread to the people.
Rolling Dragon Boots
Rolling dragon boots are mostly ink black, the body of the boots are embroidered with divine dragons, the silk strands are fine and exquisite. The toe of the boots is decorated with celluloid beads and jade, and when they are shaken, they resound with a beautiful sound.
Cloud Supporting Shoes
The cloud-racked shoes have a high toe to support the hem of the skirt, and are embroidered with intricate and exquisite cloud patterns that glisten in the light, and the soles are padded with cloud brocade, making them light and comfortable to wear.
Wind Chasing Boots
Thousand-mile wind chasing boots are extremely rare because they are intricately woven and made of difficult materials. The sole of this boot has brocade silk, and the body of the boot is embroidered with the pattern of a horse running in golden silk colorful thread, which is said to be "galloping a thousand miles, enough to chase the wind".
Day-by-day
"Kwaito and the sun chasing away, before arriving, the road thirsty and died". According to legend, Quaifu and the sun on the way, the road thirsty and died, its feet into the track, named by the sun. The sun track bottom thick, track body hard, step on the mountain mountain flat, meet fire fire extinguished.
Ascend Nine Summits
According to legend, Li Daoyuan visited waterways with his father since he was young, and after he became an adult, he investigated the geography of the mountains and water, passed the cliffs and the difficulties of the Shu Road, so he created this crawler. Wearing this crawler, the height of the mountain is also like walking on flat ground, so it is called: "Lone ascension on the nine summits, the pine wind is clear and valiant".
Emperor's Divine Travel
In ancient times, emperors gave generals robes, which they called "divine movements to open up the earth." It is said that people who wear these shoes can be several times more brave, gallop on the battlefield, and cover thousands of miles, like a royal Taoist spirit, running at high speed and traveling thousands of miles, so it is named "Divine Travel".
Coarse Cloth Footwraps
Rough cloth footwear is easy to make, only need to be made of cloth sewn into shoes, this shoe is breathable and lightweight, mostly for the people to go to the mountains to collect medicine, cut firewood when wearing.
Double Beam Shoes
Double beam leather crawler is sewn for animal fur, the body of the shoe protrudes two, shaped like a beam, so named, this crawler view of the exquisite, but extremely easy to break, the people rarely wear.
Sparrow-catching Shoes
The head of the track is high and upright, resembling a lark, and when walking, the head of the track shakes, as if there were larks perched on the shoes, which is very cute.
Ten-sided Shoes
The toe of the shoes is rounded, the body is wide, and there are ten openings, which means ten directions, and the shoes are often worn with cloud socks, meaning: "cloud travel in ten directions without measurement".
Red Slipper
"Shoes with multi-layer soles called 'slippers', single-layer soles are called 'sandals'". Red slippers are vermillion in color, bright as taking the color of Zhaoyang, very rare.
Tiger Walk Dragon Travel
The bottom of the tiger step and dragon walk boots are three inches thick, and the ground is trembling, the dust is raised from the ground, as if a fierce tiger out of the mountains, galloping; the body of the boots is painted with the scene of the dragon prancing, claws over the four seas, the tail gets wind and waves, the gods are powerful. Therefore, there is a common language of this boot: "non-general can not be dressed, not with its tiger fierce; non-royal can not wear, unbearable its dragon power".
Fine Horse Boots
"Dragon's head and horse body and red, is the dragon foal, living in the Zhangwei Mountain, the wind and travel, the official hand of the clouds and rain". According to legend, the dragon foal boots is a dragon foal into a red body, tough and companionable, wearing this boot, a day can even run ten thousand miles.
Heaven-treading Boots
There is a common saying: "through the sky thick-soled boots, shining ground purple forest robe, one for the gods of heaven, two earthly noble". According to legend, these boots are made by the secret method of the immortals, the soles of the shoes if the woven clouds and wind, can pass through the sky to the ground any vertical and horizontal; if you take the sun and set the moon, you can soar to the nine heavens to transcend the earth.
The Five Impurities Swirl
The sole of this boot has five layers, made of cicada shed, phoenix feather, dragon tendon, brocade cloth and pearl, which correspond to the five turbidities of the Saha world, namely, the turbidity of karma, the turbidity of troubles, the turbidity of beings, the turbidity of seeing and the turbidity of life. The world often says: "Walk on the five turbidities under your feet, and hold good thoughts in your heart.
Wormwood Shoes
"The mountains, rivers, grasses and trees are covered with wormwood, and the downtown streets are covered with brocade robes". Artemisia shoes are mostly made of woven jute cotton cloth, with a dashing shape and soft texture.
Raised Square Toe Shoes
The toe of the square shoes is square, with the meaning of "masculine from the sky"; the front of the toe of the shoes is upwardly curved, which can be connected to the hem of the skirt, which is exquisite.
Brocade Boots
"The narrow sleeve of the Hu clothing is good for shooting, short clothes and long leg, all easy to wade grass". Jin leg boots from the long leg of the Hu people change and come, the shape and the same long leg, but take more materials with brocade silk satin.
Lotus Piece Shoes
The bottom of the shoes are light and thin, the shoes are embroidered with hibiscus flowers, the head of the shoes are decorated with a small spike, the whole body is fragrant, in a hundred flowers, or can attract bees and butterflies to perch.
Light Shoes
Transported light shoes are mostly silver-white, under the sun and moon there is a flash of light, the texture is comfortable and soft, so people wear these boots walking, will feel very light.
Noble Aspirations
Qing Yun Zhi color like silver light spit ice wisp, quality like soft flowers containing spring dew, touch is cold, in the summer wear, is the summer heat, in the winter wear, is clear heart and tranquil, wearing it can "wade through the lofty sky danger, broad step Qing Yun Zhi".
Blood Cocoon Silk Shoes
The silk thread overlapping each other, into a track, called the "silk foot". Blood cocoon silk foot texture is strange, the more blood is dyed the more colorful, the harder the quality, and finally can even be wrapped like a cocoon, so named.
Dragon Yarn Shoes
"South China Sea out of the dragon yarn, for clothing, into the water does not moisten". Dragon yarn cushion is light and soft, like clouds of smoke, the body of the shoe is full of color, like pearls. This crawler is gorgeous, as if woven by a shark, so the people of the time named it "dragon yarn crawler".
Taichong Divine Boots
Taichong means the realm of extreme emptiness. Tai Chong divine boots with silkworm silk and blood as the sole, can drive away the harm and remove the filth; placed in the jade, can warm the flesh and blood; sewn inside the cloud cotton, can withstand the cold. When a person walks on them, his heart will be quiet without any reason, and he will reach the realm of Taichong, which can be called "God".
Brown Hemp Shoes
Brown sisal shoes woven with sisal, grass rope, comfortable to wear, rough and wear-resistant, light and breathable, regardless of the civilian rich and famous, the home are equipped.
High Silk Shoes
The toe of high Aman shoes is either high and curled, resembling clouds, or low and spreading, resembling flying geese, with a hundred flowers and a hundred grasses embroidered on the body of the shoes.
Treasured Brocade Shoes
Jinwen Yuanbao shoes are small on the bottom and large on the top, with brocade on the bottom of the shoes, resembling Yuanbao, which is very noble and loved by civilians.
Five Yin Boots
The five netherworlds are: "color netherworld, suffering netherworld, thought netherworld, action netherworld, and awareness netherworld". The five yin boots are simple and easy to wear, and the boots are embroidered with some of the sutras from the Lanyan Sutra, which may eliminate the five yin by reading them often.
Wintersweet Hidden Snow
"The waxing snow is first pinned plum pistil blooming. Plum snow and each other, magpies through the flowers turn". The wax plum hidden snow is made of brocade silk and fleece, the color is golden and brilliant, as if wax plum weaving and dyeing, the texture is light and soft, you can step on the snow without a trace.
Royal Wind
The Fengxu Royal Wind is woven with gold silk and silver wool, with brilliant colors, as if riding the sun and the moon, with a soft texture, as if wearing the wind and clouds, as the poem says: Vast as the Fengxu Royal Wind, floating as the world is left alone.
Hunyuan Boots
Hunyuan is the qi of heaven and earth. The bottom of the Hunyuan boots are made of silk strands, with thick gaps between them, and the wind travels through them, living and breathing, and can hold the feet up, and the poem says: "Hunyuan transporting things, flowing without place", or so it is named.
Precious Lotus Rousing Shoes
The sole of the shoe is flat and full, with no bump; the shape of the shoe is long and slender, white and dust-free; the quality of the shoe is soft, like smoke clouds; the sole is covered with a lotus flower pattern, with twelve petals delicately distinguished, so that walking is a lotus in every step".
High Wave Immortal Shoes
"The socks and dust are born on the waves, and the soup is covered with smoke for ten thousand hectares. According to legend, the lingbo cushion is the object of the god of Luo, woven from the smoke and dust of Luo water, and take the silk wool solid shape, wearing it can be above the smoke, the smoke and dust under the feet from the, as if the god of Luo wading in the water and come.
Hemp Thread Footwraps
Woven with sisal rope, the shoes are made of sisal rope and hammered with heavy objects to make them strong. These shoes have a gap in the body, women often embellished with flowers and plants when walking in the spring, the flower shadows shake, more set off the posture of the man.
Arhat Shoes
Luohan shoes are light and cool, and are mostly worn in summer. There are six belts and six holes on the body of the shoes, meaning "six paths of reincarnation" and "six degrees of extensive practice".
Yin Yang Dao Boots
"Yi has Taiji, the beginning of the two yi, the two yi give birth to the four elephants, the four elephants give birth to the eight trigrams". Two Yi Taoist boots are black and white, meaning yin and yang, and are the boots worn by Taoists when they step on the Big Dipper.
Water Repelling Boots
The book contains: "the rhinoceros, like a cow, its access to light, the water for the open". Repel the water boots tube high sole thick, the body of the boots embroidered with the pattern of the water rhinoceros, special material system, in case of water not wet, can be worn in the rainy season.
Mist Riding Shoes
The color of the fog crawler is elegant and soft, just like a cloud of fog, people wearing walking, looking "as if Luo Fei went by fog", can be said to have the form of the goddess.
Jade Lion Treading Duckweed
"floating duckweed from the root, the rain and wind blowing scattered not gathered". Cui lion on the duckweed like a lion body, color like fei stone, so called "cui lion", light and soft texture, jianghu warriors with to step on the water and walk, the water is also no waves, so called "on the duckweed".
Heavy Night
Heavy night, said the very high place of the sky. Heavy night boots with high and thick soles, covered with cloud cotton, the body of the boots embroidered with the sun, moon and stars, meaning "the nine heavens", this boot to the body light, a jump and high, as if to get wings such as Ling nine nights.
Dust-free Shoes
A poem says: "A little bit of bright light, a little bit of dust, a little bit of earthly worries, a little bit of dust". The poem is about a famous craftsman in the Tang Dynasty who made the tracks, which were famous in the ancient and modern times for their "lightness".
Divine Moth Shoes
Divine moth, that is, the rumors of the moth used to make immortal medicine. God moth foot is made of very precious silk, like the moon moth, color overflowing color, tough and indestructible, rare in the world, have a step up to the sky, hold the mountain over the sea of ability.
Cloth and Silk Shoes
The sole of cloth and silk shoes is flat and thick, the toe is high, which can modify the shape of the foot, and the body of the shoes is woven with double animal decoration, with elegant colors, often worn by the people on a daily basis.
Ling Nut Patterned Shoes
The diamond-patterned soft shoes are woven with diamond-patterned patterns in plain weave, and the pointed corners of the shoes rise high, making them small and exquisite.
Cloud Purple Tassel Shoes
The toe of the purple tassel shoes is high, decorated with treasures, decorated with purple, exquisite and unusual. This shoe is often worn by dancing girls, spinning like back to the snow floating.
Bagua Shoes
Gossip shoes imitate the eight gossip pattern made of shoes on both sides of the body were divided into four black lines, meaning the sky, earth, wind, thunder, water, fire, mountains, ze.
Tiptoe Scenery
"The lightness of the painting is not only the result of the lightness of the tiptoe, but also the lightness of the steed. It was created at the time of the Wei and Jin Dynasties, with a dashing shape and light texture, and was loved by the famous scholars of the time.
Rainbow Shoes
The rainbow cushion has a smooth texture and beautiful colors, like a rainbow that is made of the moon. If this shoe encounters rain, the upper will have a colorful light, looking from afar as if a rainbow bridge, very strange.
Treading Heaven and Earth
"Zhou back to four Shu worry about two swords, step through the universe is still a guest". Traveling thousands of mountains and rivers without loss, all the places where the heart goes can be reached, that the world is under the foot, so the name.
Immortal Mallard Shoes
According to legend, the immortal eider cushion is the object of the immortal Prince Qiao, and then left on earth. Immortal eider track has its own mysterious place, wearing can be light body and air, such as with the magic, the most bizarre.
Xuandu Treasure Boots
"Sprinkling of the secluded victory, free Xuandu immortal realm", Xuandu treasure boots light color confusion, soft as clouds, wearing it without having to learn immortal magic divine law, you can take off the clouds and fog and enter the dwelling place of the gods.
Jet-black Foot Pendant
U-bright foot dangling mostly made of agate beads and jade polished, black and oily color, the view of small and exquisite, often for infants or girls to wear.
Fowl Crown Shoes
The toe of this shoe is high and straight, with three petals, shaped like a cock's crown, hence the name. Carved out of jade, the shoes are transparent and luminous, and can be worn on the feet or as an ornament.
Murderous Star Shoes
The Earth Fury is the main killing star. The color of the foot of the Earth Fury is red, and there are seventy-two stars of the Earth Fury carved on the body of the boots, which can avoid evil spirits.
Rakshasa Foot Pendant
"Rakshasa, this is the cloud of evil spirits. Eating human flesh and blood, or flying air, or ground, fast and fearful". Rakshasa foot danglers are divided into two categories, male ornaments male Rakshasa, its hideous appearance, can retreat evil spirits; female ornaments female Rakshasa, its beautiful appearance, can suppress evil spirits.
Hundred Jewels Shoes
According to legend, the Hundred Treasures Crawler was created by Duke Jing of Qi. This crawler is carved with jade, decorated with gold and silver on the body of the crawler, and even with eastern pearl, gathering a hundred treasures, very rich and beautiful, so it got the name.
Moving Stars Flowing Light
The so-called strange speed: "the stars turn, the light flies", although the stars are made of faceted jade, but the texture is light and soft, it is like flying in the clouds, the color is clear and transparent, as if the bright light of the star meteor.
Dragon's Eye Foot Pendant
The dragon's eyes are black and blue, shaped like the eyes of a dragon, placed in the dark will be cold light, placed in a bright place is a golden glow, touch the sound of the dragon chant, it is said to be made of the two eyes of the dragon.
Three Treasure Palace
The three treasure halls are: the Mahamudra Hall where the Buddha is enshrined, the Sutra Pavilion where the Buddha treasures his scriptures, and the meditation room where the monks rest. There are three styles of this foot danglers, one of which is decorated with the Daxiongbao Hall, and the body is covered with a slight aura, like the light of Buddha; the other is decorated with the Sutra Pavilion, and the mind can hear the scriptures; the other is decorated with the meditation room, and the mind can be tranquil when wearing it.
Nine Star Shoes
Nine stars crawler contains the theory of Qi Men Dun Jia, its crawler body carved on the nine stars, and the stars in the sky, the nine stars of the road can be more according to the stars and the direction, the so-called "nine stars hanging Lang, good and bad should be", it is this reason.
Crystal Foot Rings
Water jade foot ring is small and exquisite, warm texture, can be nourishing, women wear more set off ankle slender, swaying posture.
Jade Crystal Shoes
Jade Crystal Foot is made of Jade stone, and the shoes are carved with birds, either spreading their wings and soaring, or perching on flowers and holding branches, which look lively and dynamic.
Jade Lotus Shoes
"Yao Chi a jade hibiscus, autumn dew wash, Tan Sha real color". Jade hibiscus shoes red color like fei feather, the toe carved hibiscus flowers, soft petals slender, the wind is shaking, if you walk with it, it is as if holding flowers on the foot, a special interest.
Tranquil Spirit Pond
Lingchi Qingjing is the object of purification. This shoe is undecorated, white like fat, and warm in texture. The people of the time said, "When you wear Lingchi Qingjing, you should hold good deeds and break your desire, and reach the clarity of Lingchi.
Drunken Foot Luang
"to get a dream of clear wine, drunken fairy singing under the moon to return". This foot dangles without wind will also be swaying, point shaking, as if drunk, so it is called "drunken fairy", when the foot dangles, its beads and jade hit each other, like words, so it is called "foot Luang".
Xuanguang Reflecting the Moon
The body of the shoe is transparent, and the pattern of the toad and the moon is carved on the body of the shoe.
Liantai Ice Foot
According to legend, after death, people go to the Western Elysium, sitting on the lotus flower platform. The sole of the lotus platform ice feet is carved to imitate the lotus platform, with 108 petals, as if the Buddha's nine-pillar lotus platform, can not move the body and go to the four directions.
Coiled bridal boots
"Pang bridal veil, get the dragon's might, the tiger's fierce, the army to its decoration". The bridal veil boots were mostly worn by the ruler of the Spring and Autumn period when he was fighting in the battlefield, wearing them as the dragon's might and the tiger's fierceness, and there were no disadvantages. However, the boots were born with a fierce aura, which could not be mastered by anyone.
Kunlun Foot
According to legend, the Kunlun foot is made by the gods of heaven with Kunlun jade, which is carved with the Kunlun grasses and trees of the gods and beasts, or the Kai Ming to deter a hundred spirits, or the White Zephyr through all things love, or the Phoenix soaring nine days.
Iron Zhajia
Tiezha armor pieces are small and leaf-like, with fine seams and light texture, so even if you wear it for a long time, you will not feel tired.
Stepman A
The walking man armor is made of 1,825 pieces of armor, tightly woven, impermeable to wind and hard enough to withstand crossbow fire.
Two crotch iron terrain
The two crotch iron terrain is exquisitely crafted, with iron armor embedded in the abdomen of the Torso to protect the vitals, and the rest is sewn with leather, light in texture, both offensive and defensive.
Tube Sleeve Armor
According to legend, this armor was created by Zhuge Liang, which is made of overlapping iron pieces in the shape of fish scales, and its shoulders are made of iron armor with short sleeves to prevent arm stab wounds and the inability to fight back.
Five fold steel armor
The five-fold steel armor is made of exquisite materials and is so hard that it cannot be penetrated by a twenty-five stone crossbow. It is named "five-fold steel armor" because it is made in five steps.
Mingguang Armor
The Mingguang armor is named after the golden glory that comes from the bright light, which can be said as "the light of the sun makes the world bright". The Mingguang armor is exquisite and gorgeous, and the armor on the chest is so hard that it can be hit by a hammer without any damage.
Tyrant Armor
"Air pressure Guanhe force pulling up mountains, the absolute people martial arts courage more no front". The king's armor is as heavy as a huge tripod, not the air power Guanhe plucking mountain person can not wear, firm as gold and stone, sharp edge can not be damaged, wind and fire is not enough to fear.
White and yellow five-color armor
The five colors are: "green, red, yellow, white, black". According to legend, the white and yellow five-color armor out with five colors, is the sky outside the casting of divine iron, mortal weapons touching it will be damaged, divine weapons of heaven can not be hurt.
Green Xuan Treasure Armor
"Seize the dragon scales and armor with phoenix feathers, cloak the treasure armor and into the Qingxuan". According to legend, the Qingxuan treasure armor is the armor worn by the celestial generals, its shape and color are like Qingxuan, magnificent and strong, bright and shining, has the ability to resist the four directions of the demons, the world's poisonous obstacles.
Heart Protector Short Armor
Short armor without sleeves and high collar, with iron pieces embedded at the heart and chest. This armor was mostly used in actual combat in ancient times because it was easy to move and had strong protection.
Ring Lock Short Armor
"The armor is like a ring lock, the shot cannot enter". Ring lock short armor is made of iron ring embellished together, shaped like a net lock, hard texture, ordinary weapons prick and break.
Fish Scale Armor
Fish scale armor weave special, although it is made of iron armor connected, but the armor can be expanded and overlapped, just like fish scales.
Goose Plume Armor
Yan Ling armor armor slender, even embellished into the coat, it will be fine seamless, sharp edges difficult to penetrate, so there is a poem: "I have Yan Ling armor, the captive arrows can not be destroyed. Collect my heavenly family land, release the horse under the southern mountains".
U Hammer Armor
"dazzling light black hammer armor, the waist is decorated with blue ribbon". The black hammer armor armor piece is small, light clothing, waist robe belly brocade exquisite, embroidered unicorn, tiger and leopard, all is a powerful wind. If this armor is worn by a general, it is even more military might.
Hexagonal Gold Ursa Major
There are three-legged crows in the sun, also known as the Golden Crow. Six golden crow armor refined by high temperature, black color, huge shape, hard texture, unbreakable, is the world's rare divine weapons.
Tenno A
The Heavenly King is one of the four Buddhist gods of protection.  The third is "West A", red in color, with the ability to "purify and remove filth"; the fourth is "North A", green in color, with the ability to "tranquilize the spirit and calm the mind".
Turtleback Dragon Armor
"The sky will be wearing the armor, turtle back steely dragon pattern." Turtle back dragon armor on the battlefield is also known as "war god armor", this armor dazzling light, such as wearing colorful, armor on the dragon turtle mighty quake in all directions, three armies can not stop its sharp.
Mud Cow A
The mud cow armor is made of precious materials, not the iron of the sky, the gold of the outside of the square is not taken, casting is difficult, requiring the fire, manpower, the time of the most extreme. This armor is thick and tall, with the divine ability to transform the mass into empty space, any external force can be absorbed by it, like a mud cow into the sea, a disappearing.
Yuan copper clothes
Yuan copper clothing through a cut, simple production, short form, soft and tough texture, in ancient times, mostly for soldiers in the practice of combat wear.
Large Leaf A
Big leaf armor is sewn and woven with long iron pieces, its chest iron armor such as shields, can prevent spear spikes, shoulders have leather inlaid iron armor made of shoulder pads, can defend the long sword scimitar.
inch of gold soft clothes
The inch of gold soft clothing is light and soft, is woven with gold silk, very fine between the silk, can be worn close to the body.
Curly Cloud Yellow Armor
Rolling clouds yellow armor inner layer made of leather, the outer layer of the outer flip armor piece of continuous embellishment and become, light texture. In ancient times, infantry soldiers wearing this armor, Mercedes-Benz seems to be "wind speed curling clouds", so named.
Red Gold Armor
The armor is made of red gold armor pieces, with tiger and leopard patterns carved on the shoulders, meaning that the arm has the strength of "tiger and leopard", and black bear patterns carved on the back of the chest, meaning that the body has the strength of "bear and fierce".
Yellow Dragon Heart Covering Clothes
Yellow dragon cover the heart of the clothing is light in texture, heart veins where embedded with armor, very tough, as if the yellow dragon coiled, so the name "yellow dragon cover the heart".
gnarled up people
"Gnarled, the essence of river water also, sound nine sounds, there is a bright king then see". The gnarled armor is soft and tough, unbreakable, and is said to be made of the scales of the gnarled dragon, and was not to be worn by the emperor in ancient times.
Xuanzhu Robe
"the pearl pearl poured embellishment, knot on the robe priceless". Xuanzhu robe color brilliance, such as haze light shine, the shape is exquisite, like beads and jade embellished, is known as "the world's armor beautiful first".
Golden Cocoon Treasure Armor
Golden cocoon treasure armor body are made of a strand of gold silk, woven seams between the silk without gaps, impervious to the elements, overlapping, such as the cocoon of the shape of the poem: "Golden cocoon silk long without broken strands, treasure clothing for the armor shocked three armies".
Copper Lock Armor
The copper ring is embellished with a copper ring to form a garment, and the object is connected like a lock, so it is named "copper lock armor". This armor is light to wear, can protect the back and knees.
Chainmail
"Steel wire chain armor, such as money eye big, ring refining as through the string, shaped like a shirt, guns and arrows extremely difficult to penetrate injury". Chain armor structure is light, shaped like a shirt, easy to wear and easy to take off, extremely convenient.
Five inch armor
Five-inch armor is made of three hundred and twenty five-inch pieces of armor that are interlocked, and the material is light and tough, so it can prevent the damage of swords and sharp weapons.
Flowing Volcano Wenjia
The flowing volcano armor is to take the mountain-shaped iron pieces to the wrong zha method of combination, the whole body without nails without wisps, very light, comfortable and convenient, armor covered with bright yellow star points, like a spark running down.
Purple Gold Armor
Purple gold armor is wide in shape, the front chest carved beast face, fierce and horrifying, special material system, through the years and not damaged, the more blows are brighter.
Tianhe Cold River A
"cold river practice iron clothes, the sky river wash soldier armor". Tianhe cold river armor is silvery white, the texture of the strange cold, when wearing the body will be like being wrapped in water, very strange.
Katsuyabuchi clothes
Sheng Yuan clothing is made by the sky fire melting, the color of gold brilliant, where its light to the ground, nowhere unknown, hard texture, where its armor protects the body, no damage, people say that it "to code solid, to battle will win".
Xuanwu Armor
"Xuanwu, turtle, also, turtle has armor, can defend the use of insult also". The Xuanwu armor is made of twenty-five pieces of gold and silver armor inlaid and fastened, its predecessor has thirteen pieces of armor, the sword blade touches it and bends, the back covers twelve pieces of armor, heavy hammering back shock, can be said to be stronger than the armor of Xuanwu, tough like the scales of Xuanwu.
Spectral light treasure clothes
The light-sharing coat is made of two thousand pieces of armor sewn together, and each piece of armor is polished for decades of fine work. This garment is refracted by light, a beam is not transparent, but the five colors, it is called: "light for the armor, its color dazzling", so the name.
Muzha A
Muzha armor is made of small pieces of wood, woven tightly, light and close to the body, can be used for long-distance running.
Smokebox A
Smoke wave armor is light in texture, in ancient times, mostly for scouts to spy on news wear. The people of the time said that it is like "Ran soft stripes, a small smoke wave", which is the name.
Seven Plume Wooden Armor
Seven plume wood armor built-in cotton lining, outside decorated with wood pieces, armor body coated with dark color lacquer, and attached to the plume, look like a bird.
Red owl clothes
"Standing still like owl rest, running like owl flying". The red owl coat is red in color, wide in shape and thick in armor, and can take heavy blows without damage.
Pistachio nail
The armor is made of fragrant wood. In the past, Wu Scholar wore the fragrant wood armor to fight the horse over the imperial court, leaving fragrance all over the ground, so the fragrant wood armor is famous.
Ghostly Cloth
The ghost complex clothing exquisite craft, is made of dozens of trees made of wood armor pieces embellished. Its clothes have various patterns, or as if runes, or like meridians, very strange and mysterious.
Bacchus nail
According to legend, the hundred tricky linglong armor is created by Lu Ban. The armor is made of three hundred and sixty-five pieces of wood, seamless and seamless, just like the sky, the body of the armor is equipped with organic brackets, so that it can be defensive and offensive, like a mountain when defending, like a sword when attacking.
Kuk Hwan A
Kuk Hwan armor is shaped like a coat, hard texture, can be bent sharp edge, can be folded hard things, people said it "and the essence of the exhausted body withered, wearing a new life in spring", so it was named "Kuk Hwan armor".
Xuanhuang Wooden Armor
"The Xuanhuang, the miscellaneous of heaven and earth, the sky and the earth yellow". Xuanhuang wood armor on the armor, light and airy as the sky, even by the sharp edge of the strike is not penetrated; under the armor is as thick and strong as the ground, even by the internal force of the attack is not damaged.
Green Bamboo Clothes
The green bamboo coat is made of bamboo gabions, which are soft and tough enough to resist small weapons and are damaged by heavy blows.
Oudon Cotton Bamboo Armor
The rattan will be sun-dried, soaked in tung oil and woven into nails, then made of wooten cotton bamboo nail. The nail is resistant to wear and tear and very tough.
Talisman Armor
"With the essence of the Tao, the cloth of the simple ink, will be the essence of things, called the talisman". Talisman A is made of long pieces of wood, shaped like a book and journal, with red ink painted with talismans on it, which is how it got its name.
Turtle and Snake
In ancient times, people often painted turtles and snakes on flags, believing that they could ward off disasters and avoid calamities. The turtle and snake armor has a turtle pattern engraved on the chest armor and a snake image engraved on the back armor, which is soft and tough enough to resist heavy blows.
Pure Evil Wooden Armor
Pure evil wood armor is light in texture, can ward off evil spirits, a poem says: "wearing wood armor clothes, demons are swept away, from then on the annoyance eliminated, a thousand years as the intention".
Jubilee Five Knotty
According to legend, this armor is made of five sections of wood, one section is called "greed"; the second section is called "rage"; the third section is called "slow"; the fourth section is called "cynicism"; the fifth section is called "stingy". It is called "covetousness", "rage", "slowness", "cynicism" and "stinginess", and the fifth section is called "stinginess", which means "five knots" in Buddhism, so it is named "vermilion bird five knots coat".
Zwei Xuan Mu A
Violet, called the "Emperor's Star", Xuan Mu, called the "divine leaf". Violet violet xuan wood armor consists of one hundred and eight pieces of xuan wood armor, before and after the identity of seven pieces of heavy armor, mortal objects touch it will be turned into pieces.
Underworld Treasure
"In the south of Chu, there is a spirit of the underworld, 500 years old for spring, 500 years old for autumn". 
Generation form clothing
When making the clothes, not moving a single thread, all of them are made of wooden armor, and there are hidden buckles between the armor and the armor, which can be rotated smoothly and reversibly to adjust the form, and divided into a hundred kinds of models, and there is no one who cannot wear it.
Tiger Skin Vest
"short clothes without sleeves, only cover the Torso, called the undershirt". Tiger skin undershirt is cut from tiger skin, simple to make, mostly worn by hunters.
thick fur coat
Thick fur phi is very thick, things hit not damage, fur down dense, not wet in water. This fur is mostly worn by northern people in winter, can keep warm and cold.
Mythical armor
"Mythical beasts are like brawny cats that hunt tigers and panthers". The mythical animal armor is sewn with leather and embroidered with mythical animal pattern on the chest, which is tough and can defend against swords.
Beast King Cloak
The beast king draping form and cloak the same, embroidered with a hundred beasts on the coat, very powerful, when people say wearing this coat, a hundred beasts see and prostrate.
Mang Cang Qiu
The Mang Cang fur is made of the entire fierce beast skin. The skin of the beast is undamaged, the beast's fur is smooth and shiny, and it looks like a living beast, rough atmosphere, very powerful.
Tiangang Treasure Cloth
There are thirty-six Big Dipper stars in the Big Dipper, one star with one god, and the Big Dipper has thirty-six pieces of leather armor, and one piece of armor is called a star, hence the name.
Phoenix brocade
"Phoenix relative plate gold wool, woven for the earth rich clothes". Phoenix brocade is woven from thousands of phoenix feathers, the light color is brilliant, dazzling to look at, the texture is light and airy, like wearing clouds of smoke.
Shinshu Clothes
According to the legend, the gods show clothing is woven from dragon tendons, the gods show clothing is different from ordinary things in the mortal world, clothing attached to the clear air, can be isolated from all miscellaneous dust and filth, so that the wearer does not stain a trace of "mortal turbidity".
Heavenly Underworld Armor
Heavenly meditation armor body silver white, flooded with cold light, can be described as "light cold overflow thousand mountain white", light and soft texture, as solid as gold and stone, can be described as "flocculent soft silk light gold and silver body". According to legend, this armor is the heavenly maiden weave clouds and made, once for the heavenly general wear to defend against the enemy.
Yellow stripe drapes
Yellow pattern phi hung more for the tiger skin cut into, its tiger stripes were black and yellow, so the name "yellow pattern phi hung". This clothing is beautiful and inexpensive, for the people often wear.
changeless robe
This clothing system such as robe, light and soft, texture like armor, tough and not hyped, with the battle into the attack, retreat can be defended. The people of the time said this clothes: "up and into the leap, down and retreat, feasible and unpredictable", so it got its name.
Getaway Shirt
The elegant and beautiful shape and soft texture of the shirt are popular among the literati nowadays because they can be worn and walked in a relaxed manner.
Long shirt of the hidden moon
The color of the long shirt is moon white, the overlap hooked edge, ankle-length clothes, when wearing "out of a light cloud to cover the moon, floating like a flowing wind back to the snow".
Young Misty Ming
"Young if peach and plum, hazel like light moon". The color of the young Misty Ming or green, or white, or embroidered peony, or painted peach blossom on the clothes, gorgeous and unusual, the common people can hardly wear.
hidden sky shirt
It is also known as the "Hidden Sky Shirt". This shirt is so tough that it can transform into a hundred shapes and can cover the sky, so it is called "hidden sky"; and because of the fine weave, the light cannot be penetrated, so it is not afraid of fire, so it is called "hidden sun".
No color in the dark
There is no color, no shape, you can become an armor, but also for the clothes; color is no fixed color, when grass into green, when the earth becomes yellow, people said that it is "mixed with a color, non-armor and non-clothing", so it got its name.
Baicolor
"Hundred colors around the luan dance, silver robe vibration heron fly". Hundred colors to take the dragon scales for the armor, pick phoenix feathers into clothes, dance light feathers floating, dazzling, tough and unrivaled texture, unbreakable.
Golden Cicada Treasure Coat
The golden cicada is woven into a garment to keep the flesh from decaying. In ancient times, the emperor was buried wearing this coat, which could keep his body from decaying for a thousand years.
Hunting Short Shirt
Hunting short shirt shaped like a shirt, the length of the waist, leather sewn from the cool and breathable, easy to move.
Brocade Fur Coat
"Jin Qiu embroidery hat white jade belt, gold, iron horse red tassel gun". The brocade fur coat is sewn with animal fur, and embroidered with the patterns of rui beasts and flowers on top, which is exquisite and gorgeous to look at.
flying ribbon dress
"In ancient times, the ruler wore jade, and the inferiority was in order. It was called "ribbon" when it was attached to the border. If a person wears a flying ribbon coat, the ribbon on the coat flutters and dances when it moves, and when it stops, the ribbon on the coat falls straight down and hangs.
Bagua Crane Overcoat
Eight trigrams crane overcoat slanting lapel wide sleeves, embellished with waist beam, chest embroidered yin and yang fish pattern, the back body has cloud crane pattern, the view of the dazzling and elegant, as if immortal.
Colorful clouds return
The colorful clouds are light and soft, such as "woven by the clouds and smoke"; the color is beautiful, such as "the colorful clothes of a hundred flowers shine in spring"; the light is bright, such as "the hazy moon is shimmering".
shaded clothes
The color of the shadow dress is golden, bright and eye-catching, the texture is transparent, can reflect people. Wearing this clothing action, there will be light and shadow floating around, such as clouds break the moon, such as flowers get shadow.
Six false cloaks
Six virtual that is "up and down four directions". Six virtual cloak material is strange, if a person wears, the body will be light as a bird, a day can travel a hundred miles, is said to be the Jin Dynasty Ge Hong created the system.
winged fairy shake
The "Shanhaijing" contains: "Bizarro bird in the east of the country of knotted Hungary, its bird green, red, two birds than the wings". Bizarro has two pieces, and it is said that if a lover wears it, it will be as strong as their love for each other, and the world will rarely be able to destroy it.
Divine Light Clutching
The divine light is transparent, and if it touches the skin, it gives birth to a dazzling light, in which a person is blessed by the divine light, and no one can distinguish its direction or know where it is, so it can be said that "the brightness is everywhere, and the brightness is divine light.
practice armor
The practice armor is cut from animal skin, shaped like an undershirt, short and sleeveless, comfortable and wearable, and will not be damaged after years of wear.
Soft leather armor
Soft leather armor made of animal skin and snake scales, soft inside, can be close to the body, the outer skin is hard, can prevent sharp edge damage.
Jinscale Power Suit
The shape of the jinscale strong suit is simple: short shirt with slanting lapels and silk sleeves; the decoration is simple: overlapping scales, flashy and sharp. This suit is atmospheric and easy to move around in.
Two Lions Jinro Fur
"The lion and the lynx are powerful, and the luan and the phoenix are in shadow". The two lions are embroidered on both shoulders, one lying on the shoulder, docile and obedient; the other with eyes wide open, powerful and fierce.
Riding the Dragon Coat
Dragon clothing is made of snake scales, snow-white body, the pattern on the coat flowing color, tough texture, can withstand strong crossbows, heavy hammer.
Yellow Shirt of the Gentoo
The "Mountain and Sea Sutra" contains: "There is a mountain within the North Sea, named the mountain of the Youdu. Black water out of it, on which there are Xuan bird". Xuan bird yellow shirt sleeves wide, like a bird's wings, tail hem woven plume, just like a bird's tail, the wind, the sleeves, tail hem waving more than, as if the Xuan bird wings.
Kunpeng A
"There is a fish in the north, and its name is Kun. When it is transformed into a bird, its name is Peng". Kun Peng armor is a strange and large shape, cloth armor cut on both sides of a foot wide cloth armor, in the water, cloth armor can be used as fins, so that people swim quickly; on the ground, cloth armor can be used as two wings, so that people walk like flying.
Sailor's Garment
"the South China Sea out of raw silk yarn, the spring room dive weaving, for clothing, into the water does not moisten". The silk dress has bright color, brimming with light, soft texture, like clouds, strange material, not moist into the water, and not burning in case of fire. According to legend, Zhao Feiyan once wore the dress to dance and was loved by Emperor Cheng of Han Dynasty.
Hanging dragon scales
"The dragon is the head of the scale insects, and under its throat there are rebellious scales diameter feet, Yao as the first sunrise". Hanging dragon scales on the armor is as big as a child's fist, the color of light and strange, scales and nails hit each other with a sound, as if the dragon chant, it is said to be made of the dragon's reverse scales.
Hemp Cloth
Linen clothing is made of coarse linen, wear-resistant and easy to dry, although the view of the rough and hard, but wearing it is very comfortable and breathable.
Vivid Yellow Weave
The dress is made of cotton with vivid colors and soft texture, with simple embroidery on the sleeves and skirt.
Dogwood Robe
Cornelian robe shape gorgeous, clothes stacked triple, the color was red, embroidered with cornelian flowers and leaves on the clothes, is to take the cornelian "to ward off evil, longevity," the meaning.
Taihe Gang Yi
In ancient times, it was mostly worn by Taoist priests when they entered the table, with a loose shape and a symbolic meaning of hiding the heaven and earth. This coat has a hundred colors, of which seven colors: yellow, purple, red, green, green, black and white are not available for the people.
Smoke and rain robe
Smoke and rain robe is cut from silk robe, no decoration, soft texture, elegant color, people praised it: "robe floating, like smoke and rain soft".
Empty monogrammed ribbon robe
In the Wei and Jin dynasties, people did not love splendor, preferring dashing, so the empty monk's robe was born. The people of the time said this clothes: "clothing color hidden smoke and rain, wide sleeves to catch the moon, skirt long winding between flowers, the ribbon floating on the clouds, not in the human world".
Snowy and cold clothes
Jiangxue, is the flower of cold winter. The color of vivid snow is as red as blood, and the texture is as cold as frost, as if vivid snow is born in the cold, hence the name.
ice muscle treasure clothing
"Ice muscle is not tainted by lead, beautiful jade is inferior". According to legend, the ice muscle treasure clothing is the goddess of Gusui to take the ice silk woven from, into the clothing can not be dyed by dust, soldiers can not hurt. This garment is exquisite and expensive, thousands of people to thousands of gold, often not a wisp.
Nine chemical clothes
This garment is light as clouds, firm like dragon scales, tough like auger beard, soft like water waves, color like sunset, light like moonlight, thin like cicada wings, summer wear if covered with frost and snow, winter wear if the sun shines, so it is named "nine transformation clothes".
Silk hemp nail
Silk linen armor short and sleeveless, the same shape and undershirt, weaving seams are more rough, breathable and comfortable, three volt days wearing also do not feel stuffy.
Lo jacket
The jacket is knee-length, with wide sleeves and lapels, and the color is divided into plain and bright. The plain ones are mostly made of green and white, with no patterns or decorations on the jacket, while the bright ones are mostly made of red and yellow, with a hundred flower patterns embroidered on the jacket with gold and silver strands.
Turtle Man Robe
Turtle text, is the texture of the back of the turtle. The turtle robe is knee-length, plain white, and painted with turtle pattern in black ink, which is very beautiful. This coat is widely loved by the world because it has the meaning of "worshiping the king and becoming a marquis".
Leming Xuanshang
"Listed on the Chen, such as the stars shine". It is made of four pieces of brown brocade cloth with silver threads embroidered with dark patterns of stars, which are like brilliant stars.
Golden Treasure Land
Take the gold silk system clothing, with colorful thread weave pattern, and get the gold treasure ground. The golden treasure ground is full of golden light, colorful and dazzling, its manufacture is not expensive, more than gold.
Tian Xiang Soft Silver Shirt
"When walking on the moon in the east wind, covered by the sky fragrance two sleeves clothes". Tianxiang soft silver shirt is soft, covering the body fragrance, it is said that Mrs. Hua Rui once visited the Hibiscus Garden with this dress, attracted butterflies chasing around, can be called a wonder of the world.
Treasure phase heavenly clothes
There are thirty-three panels of the lower garment, embroidered with Guanyin holding a willow, Guanyin dropping her eyes, Guanyin reclining on a lotus, and Guanyin holding her palms together, with thirty-three faces in total. This garment is exquisitely crafted and finely woven, and the face of Guanyin has a compassionate appearance, just like the true body of Guanyin.
Blood Raccoon
According to legend, the Queen Mother of the West had woven two garments, a fire raccoon cloth, a blood raccoon yarn. The blood raccoon yarn has a strange texture, if the blood of the wicked is stained on it, the garment will not only not be stained with blood, but will become more clean, so people say that this garment "can identify good and evil".
Heavenly Silkworm Treasure Cloth
"The silk of the heavenly silkworm for body protection, and a hundred harm not invade". The material is precious, not long and five feet, color has five light of the silk can not be used; weaving method is peculiar, non-woven seams without gaps, soft into the smoke of the garment can not be used, so it is crowned with the name "heavenly silkworm treasure clothes".
ascetic clothing
It is called asceticism when a monk lies on a thorn and burns his body with five hots to seek the way of coolness and silence. In ancient times, monks wore these clothes to travel far and wide.
Scattered flowers and deep clothes
The scattered flower deep clothes are connected, the hem is wide at the top and pointed at the bottom, and the layers are overlapped, and the collar, sleeves and train are all embroidered with a hundred flower patterns in colored thread.
Spotted brocade drapes
Spotted brocade drapes is a general's uniform, the clothes are embroidered with tiger, leopard, snake scale pattern, to distinguish the identity of the general. After the Tang Dynasty, because the clothing system is not strict, the spotted brocade drapes gradually flowed into the marketplace between.
Cui Mao Yi
Jade curtain clothing color like Jade feather, collar stacked triple, waist belly belt, which is decorated with pearl necklace Dongzhu, the people said that this clothing if "clouds lowering Jade curtain, full of stars and beads bursting rope", so take the "Jade curtain" two words for its name.
Octagonal back dragon weave
The weaving of the octagonal dragon is complex, and the octagonal dragon pattern on the body of the garment is woven by the "flower digging" technique, with gorgeous colors, gold and silver, and colorful embellishments.
Begonia Gold Phi
"Peach red, plum white competition, but not rival the begonia gold Manpo", begonia gold phi woven from brocade, the clothes with double-sided embroidery begonia pattern, look like getting a begonia cover the body, all the world's spring colors.
Peacock Lo
The so-called peacock Luo, colorful as a bird's tail, has a "gold body Tsui clothes" reputation; material light as a feather, has a "fly from the floating" reputation; texture tough like feather clothes, has a "weather impervious" reputation. According to the legend, the Northern Qi Zu strolled to the peacock Luo to give to his friends, saying that it is "a great gift to the city".
Purple Ribbon Treasure Coat
Purple Ribbon Garment is a garment of extreme righteousness. The collar of this garment is intertwined, meaning "the earth is square and righteous", evil and crooked people cannot wear it; the cuffs are wide, meaning "accommodating the people", narrow-minded people cannot wear it; the waist is tied with purple ribbon, meaning "weighing the pros and cons ", the treacherous villain can not wear.
Diamond Dollar Shirt
"According to legend, the cassock was made by a Taoist monk in the Tang Dynasty. The collar of the garment was sewn from three pieces of coarse cloth, meaning the three treasures of "Buddhism, Dharma and Sangha", and the patch on the garment was made from a hundred pieces of cloth, meaning the accumulation of The patchwork on the garment is made of a hundred pieces of rags, meaning to accumulate "people's merit". The people of the time said this garment: "High merit and wide goodness, if you see it, you will be blessed with goodness".
Guantui
The entire body of the kanto is not sewn, only cut and made from random materials, silk, jute, coarse cloth... no matter what kind of fabric, can be made.
Su Ni Long Shirt
"I'm going to wear a Su Ni shirt, and I'm going to wear it for me." The Su Ni shirt is white in color, resembling Su Ni, hence the name. This garment can be worn by both men and women, men are handsome, women are beautiful.
Sihe Ruyi Robe
The four-combined Ruyi robe straight collar right overlapping, upper and lower through cut, wide sleeves closed, both shoulders embroidered with regimented Ruyi pattern, from the two sleeves winding, ending at the abdomen, skirt also woven with square-shaped Ruyi pattern, very rich atmosphere.
Eight Immortals Overcoat
Although the eight immortals overcoat is made of silk brocade woven, but the texture is as light and soft as bird feathers, so it is called overcoat. This coat weave pattern gorgeous, the coat "eight immortals crossing the sea" pattern, as vivid as life.
Phi Yin Yang
"Yin means night, and Yang means day". Phi Yin Yang is made of two pieces of black and white fish-shaped brocade cloth sewn together, its left side is white, meaning Yang, the right side is black, meaning Yin, implying the mysterious way of Yin and Yang.
gold and silver in pieces
If you look at it under the rising sun, the clothes will be golden, as if it is a "sussing of gold", and under the moon, the clothes will be silver, as if it is a "silk embellished with silver", hence the name.
Nine-Year Shimeji Robe
The nine yu shimei robe embroidery "tiger head" before, the view is robust and fierce; back embroidery "dragon body", seems to be able to claw over the sea of clouds; two sleeves embroidery "dog ears", means to hear eight directions; back body embroidery The back body is embroidered with "lion's tail", which may move the waves; the train is embroidered with "unicorn's foot", which seems to be able to run into the clouds, and the people of the time said that this coat is "as good as the shape of Shimeji's ability", so it got its name.
Yunyi Bao Shirt
Yunyi Baoji has the reputation of "three best", one of which is "the best color". One of them is "the best color", and the people said that its color is like "a thousand zhang of glowing neon rainbow"; one of them is "the best quality", and the people said that its quality is "a curl of smoke and clouds cut in the hands"; one of them is "the best price", and the people said that its price is "a city and a country that is hard to find".
Xuan Du Tian Yi
"Sprinkling the secluded victory, free Xuandu immortal realm". Xuandu heavenly clothes transparent body, weaving seams without gaps, light texture, like smoke and clouds, it is said to be made by the gods of Xuandu immortal realm.
Pansy A
Panyi armor is a foreign form of clothing and armor adapted from the jade piece of continuous embellishment, clothing or embellished with tiger teeth, or decorated with antlers, have some exotic flavor.
Persian soft harness
Made of glazed jade, the Persian soft armor was first sold by Persian merchants during the Tang Dynasty, and was exquisitely beautiful and lustrous.
Luang Fire Cloak
Luang, said to be the beauty of jade also. Luang fire draped color ink black, by fire refining, although made of beautiful jade, but the whole body warm, quite magical.
Black eight chapter
"Marsh produced fancy dress, white quality black chapter, for the people of the time." Black eight chapters under the garment has eight pattern patterns, respectively to carved landscape, fierce animals, hundred flowers, sea waves, cloud waves, sunrise, toad moon, star patterns.
Cloud and water rage
Cloud water fury made of jade, narrow in shape and wide, skirt edge decorated with ringing bells, people walking with this clothing, the ringing bells and jade pieces clash with sound, as if the sound of rain and wind and thunder.
Blue Yu light avoidance clothing
"Full sleeves of wind and clouds born feather quill, light smoke cage clothing to avoid the light". Blue Yu avoid light clothing light and thin like cicada wings, jade piece between the woven seam fine, light can not be penetrated, dust can not enter, can avoid the sun, dust.
Baiyao Clothes
Hundred shining clothes to take the sky outside the stone and the pearl beads made of jade light and soft pearl light, the two reflect each other, shine brightly, the sun and the moon can not compete with it, so the people called the clothes for "hundred shining".
Green Dragon Treasure
"The most precious of the heavenly gods is the blue dragon." The blue dragon is made of jade, with a blue dragon carved on both shoulders, unbreakable and solid as a rock, and has the reputation of "the most precious in heaven and the highest on earth".
Haosuji
"No mud invading the white vegetation, all by the wind and dew hair beauty." The color of Haosu clothes is like blue waves, light as water mist, out of the mud but not dyed, cleanse the ripples but not demon. It is said that Zhang Yan, the wife of Emperor Hui of Han Dynasty, was buried with this dress, which is the meaning of "noble on earth".
Jade Vest
Take small pieces of jade armor such as finger cover, with wire connected into vest-like, then get jade undershirt. Jade undershirt is easy to make and is mostly worn by soldiers during training.
Inlaid jade armor
The inlaid jade armor is made of jade armor pieces, with a round jade plaque embedded in the heart and chest, which is engraved with a cloud pattern and surrounded by copper as a support, which can be used as a heart protector.
Joannine Clothes
Qionglin clothes are made of white jade, when people in the waist of this coat embellished with beads and jade, so when walking, there will be the sound of jade collision, exquisite exception.
Cold smoky long coat
Cold smoked long coat with jade embellishment, and then smoked with flowers, fruits, grass and wood incense, the fragrance does not dissipate for several years, very strange. This clothing material system is special, need to be made in the cold room, so it is called "cold smoke".
Traditional Frost Armor
"Frost fall, covering the general's clothing and armor, called the prosperous frost armor". Southland general fear of cold, the system of "prosperous frost armor", as a cold use. Frost armor outside decorated with jade, attached velvet, can avoid the cold of frost and snow, to prevent the harm of swords and guns.
Jade armor for concubines
The so-called Jiao concubine: "the end of the Xia Jie, a woman in the palace turned into a dragon, very beautiful and eat people, Jie ordered for Jiao concubine". Jiao concubine jade armor armor shaped like dragon scales, colorful, shining bright, beautiful almost demon, texture as if gold and stone, swords are difficult to penetrate, hard almost strange.
Colorful wisps of jade
In ancient times, the emperor was buried with a colorful jade coat to protect his body from decay. This garment was made of 3,200 pieces of jade and 10,000 strands of gold threads, which took the efforts of hundreds of people over several years, and was so expensive that it could not be afforded by ordinary people.
Snow-glazed treasure armor
Snow glazed treasure armor is made of special materials, it is even the cold stuff braided and made, often wearing this clothing, in the internal can be nourished root and bone, in the external can prevent harm and avoid poison, is the world's rare "Jianghu foreign treasure".
Su noon Pauline clothes
If the light varies, the state of the lotus varies, either with the petals closed, or with the buds blooming, just like life.
Black iron armguard
Arms wrought from mortal iron, black in color due to more impurities, hard and brittle in texture, inexpensive, can provide general protection.
Ring Lock Wrap Arm
The ring lock arm is made of dozens of small locks, wrapped around the arm, flexible, can resist knife and axe strikes, but can not defend against long needles and other fine objects.
Willow Leaf Shoulder Guard
It is made of a hundred square pieces of armor that are narrow and long, just like willow leaves, hence the name.
Precision steel ring arm
As the saying goes, "Xiu Gan finally become a building, steel does not make hooks", steel is a hundred refinement of steel, its quality hard but not brittle, hard but not broken, cold and cold, with its protection, it can eliminate the potential of broken bones in the invisible.
U Hammer Armor
U hammer armor color like pine ink, lighter texture, which has a gold stamping pattern, painted with the shape of the beast, such as through the gods and ghosts, the majesty of the fearful, can be three into the enemy without damage; because it is not easy to get, in ancient times, only a thousand chiefs available.
Crouching frost armguard
The arm protector is white in texture, static when the frost flows, touching it is cool; moving cold ice into the blade, all the fragrance rest; the wearer seems to be lying on top of the autumn frost, but do not feel the breath stagnant, the more cold, the more clear the mind.
chi tiger armor
The poem says: "the different gas eating jackals and tigers, two arms around the chi dragon". This armor is cast with strange iron, the shape of chi dragons on it is exquisite, because it is named; action, can drive the clouds and fog, the momentum as the flying dragon in the sky, the gods are powerful, irresistible.
Stopping the sea by condensing the river
According to legend, the sea is molten with the stone held by the Jingwei, this weapon borrowed the power of the sacred stone "condensing the sea 30,000 miles, blocking the flow of a hundred thousand rivers", driven by the five-color light entwined, the momentum of the sky.
Xuan Iron Arm
Xuan iron arm luster mysterious, seemingly ordinary iron, but in fact, there are all the things in the world of the spirit, all the evil evil can be opened, as the moon shines a thousand rivers, nature does not change, really said "a thousand rivers of water a thousand rivers of moon, ten thousand miles of cloudless ten thousand miles of sky" is also.
Copper armguard
The armguards made of copper are yellow in color, not resistant to rust and corrosion, and black after a long time, but they are widely used because of the simple process and easy manufacturing.
Silver Ridge Covered Shoulder
Silver ridge shoulder is made of pure ore, forged many times, tough, shaped like a tube sleeve, because there are long silver ribs on both sides, so called "silver ridge".
Fish scale sleeves
Fish scale sleeves are made of semicircular iron armor stacked layer by layer on top of the lining, not only to get the firmness of the plate armor, but also not lose flexibility, because of the slight curvature of the armor, under the sunlight, often have "armor light to the sun gold scales open" scene.
Mountain Man armguard
Mountain Man armor is made of multiple pieces of specially designed armor succession, the surface texture like a mountain, so named "Mountain Man", because of its special structure, can unload the force of five stones, although the strong crossbow at ten paces away, it is difficult to penetrate.
Golden Light Arm Sleeve
The golden light arm set is made of strange stone fusion casting, uniform color and quality, absolutely no miscellaneous dirt, golden light dazzling, gorgeous and unusual, its nature is not afraid of water invasion, not afraid of fire refining, those who take it can correct the yin and yang, to ward off evil spirits.
Fuguang Sleeve
Fuguang, that is, "day" also. Fuguang sleeves are flexible, naturally warm, people wear them as the spring sun shining, all four bodies are warm, once the hand, there will be strength from the meridians, such as spring grass, continuous.
Flowing Color Golden Dew
The golden dew is made of countless gold beads strung with special techniques, each of them is full of color; if one's heart is moved by the attack, there will be golden beads with the arm, the shape is like fire cracking the air, the sound is like the sound of jade ko, so people say "golden dew moves the stars and Han, the flow of color sounding jade ko".
Dyna-Cloud Locking Thunder
It is made of rare ore, with a fire light on the formed vessel, which is only receding after a month, and when it moves, you can hear the thunder in the four fields and see the wind and clouds in the blue sky. The world says that creatures blowing with breath, so there are clouds; thunder over the place, everything should be; this object is in line with the way of heaven, in order to be able to drive the two.
Golden Cicada Treasure Bracelet
The song says: "Take the cicada shell gold, set into seven precious bracelets, red gold such as immortal products, mundane has been the most incomparable. Golden cicada bracelet although only diameter inch, bundled between the arms and wrists, but can generate their own light, blessing the body, moving when the vein is cut and wash the marrow, so that people have a huge power, such as the help of the immortals.
Wooden wrist guard
Elm wood carved wrist guards, defense effect is poor, can also be used for decoration, its pattern from flowers, plants, insects and fish to fierce birds and animals, and so on.
Ironwood armguard
Iron wood armguard is made of hard core material, which is coated with phellodendron juice to prevent insects, and has a clean fragrance, hunters often wear this item when taming eagles, to prevent sharp claws hurt people.
Tiger talisman wrapped around the arm
It is said to wood carved small tiger, tied between the arms, can generate Yang, so that the wearer a hundred evil, tiger talisman wrapped around the arm about three fingers wide, carved in the shape of a fierce tiger, rich children are often tied to the arm on the day of Duan Yang, for the well-being.
Elephant carving arm ring
Legend has it that the elephant life like a man, strong and brave, is the mount of Manjushri Bodhisattva, elephant carved arm ring hard texture, carved on the head of the elephant, lifelike, wearers can warm the spirit, a long time, is strong and healthy, the elephant's might.
Ghost Head Guard
The ghost head arm protector is black in color, its quality is hard and indestructible, carved on the ghost head, hideous and twisted, the shape wants to devour people, ordinary people look at it is fearful; warriors fight with it, it is like hearing the owl night, hell ghost cry.
Lion King Armor
Legend has it that the Lion King has the virtue of four fearlessness, and its sound is so deafening that it can make foreigners retreat and subdue the ten directions. The armor of the Lion King is born from the aura of heaven and earth, which is difficult to be broken by ordinary objects.
Determined to subdue the magic ring
The Sixth Patriarch said: "Determination is the body of wisdom, wisdom is the use of determination", which means that all wisdom comes from determination. The Ring of Determination is made of a hundred years old spiritual wood, its nature is still firm, and the texture on the ring is self-generated without carving, just like a lotus flower, which can help people subdue all demons and not to have evil thoughts.
Five Wisdoms Buddha Light
"Although this treasure is made of wood, it is endowed with infinite golden light. If it is enlightened by the Five Wisdoms Buddha, it can transform the five worries of ignorance, anger, arrogance, greed and jealousy, and attain the five wisdoms of purity, Dharma nature, action wish, peace and achievement.
Circle of Awareness
The Circle of Enlightenment is the only way to be clear and to break the ignorance forever. The Ring of Perfect Enlightenment is a divine object, the light of which is round, reflecting the surface and the inside, without stagnation or hindrance, moving with the nature, like the natural movement of the righteousness of the law, which can make the mind free of delusions, and nothing is unknown, and nothing can be achieved.
Bamboo strips off
Bamboo strips off is baked bamboo strips bent and made, because the upper and lower ends can move, so the name "strips off", the poem "what to get wide, around the wrist double jump off" is also, it is often decorated with flowers, can also be a love object.
Tranquilizer wrist ring
The rattan is soaked in the juice extracted from the herb of tranquilization, and after ten days, it is dried to make the wrist ring of tranquilization, which has the effect of tranquilizing the mind and lightening the body, and is loved by many people for health care.
Spirit Snake Bracelet
"It is said that the snake is a member of the dragon family, and the snake swallows the elephant. Spiritual snake bracelet is made of branches, the structure is delicate, variable length, because of the shape of the snake, so named.
Crane pattern hand guard
Legend has it that immortals, who rest with heaven and earth, often take cranes as their mounts, and that "cranes live a thousand years, and travel with the utmost. The crane hand is made of good wood and can be worn to relax and nourish the spirit. The crane pattern on it is to take the meaning of longevity of the immortal crane, hoping for eternal life.
Bodhi Strings
Bodhi strings are made of 108 spiritual wood beads, worn on top of flexible Bodhi branches and knotted together at both ends, which are surrounded by spiritual energy and can make the wearer remember the Bodhi mind at all times.
Xiezhi armguard
Legend has it that the Xiezhi is shaped like a sheep and has a single horn, so if it encounters an unlawful person, it will touch them; if it hears of a wrongdoer, it will bite them. The head of the spirit animal is engraved on the arm of Xiezhi, and its eyes are open as if there is a god, so that people can be alert and clear at all times and know right from wrong.
Santi Wristband
"The Three Noble Truths are empty, false, and neutral. The Three Noble Truths wrist ring is made of spiritual wood, and its form is indeterminate, and it is made according to the body.
Long Hua Chuan
The legend says that Maitreya Bodhisattva once became Buddha under the Dragon Flower Tree, and the Dragon Flower Kushion is made of living wood and contains light, just like the Dragon Flower Tree, which can retreat the six evils of stinginess, destruction, anger, slackness, dissipation and foolishness with six degrees of charity, precepts, patience, refinement, meditation and prajna, making the wearer spiritually clear and free from evil spirits.
Non-Dwelling Mind
"It is said that the mind should not dwell in colors, nor in sounds, scents, and touches, but should arise from nothing. It is made of sacred wood and is free of lead. It is like the pure heart of a human being, free of attachment and naturally arising, which is said to make the wearer free from the worries of delusion, separation and attachment.
Animal Skin Shawl
The animal skin shoulder is made of fierce beast fur mature leather, wrapped in the upper arm, with the effect of cold protection and warmth, but also to block the attack of small animals, so often used by the mountain hunters.
Barbarian armguard
The barbarian arm is to take the animal skin for the bottom, the upper bundle of animal bones to strengthen made, which often have bone spikes, can be used to wound the enemy, the best use of things, mostly seen in the barbarian Di.
Beast King Armguard
Beast King armor must be the King of the beasts left behind leather armor can be made, this armor is tough, shiny color, such as the King of the beasts although dead, its power is still there, can make the beasts of fear.
Bee-tail armor
The bee tail armor is made from Turkic method, it is made of double leather tied together, after forming, there are six or seven circles connected, resembling a bee tail, so it is named, this armor is strong, and can stretch with the movement of the body, it is extremely practical.
Green rhinoceros armguard
"cut off the leather, cover with vermilion lacquer, painted with danqing, scintillation to rhinoceros elephant", is into the green rhinoceros armor, this armor to small pieces of leather tied, covered with vermilion lacquer, although the cost is expensive, tough and durable, long-lasting, although the bow of a hundred stones, the potential can not wear.
Day Reflecting Sleeve
The day reflecting Luo sleeve is soft and breathable, the texture is peculiar, although it seems ordinary, but every time the force of gas strikes, then the silver light blooms, like a thousand dendrobe pearls, although the deep night late, also with the day, so there is "ice posture shine night moon without trace" said.
Long Wei Handguard
Dragon might protect the hand legend is made of the tendons of the dragon, the so-called "immortals in the dragon as a horse, Jade gleaming jade section from the world", this hand guard clouds lingering, golden light hidden, as if there is a heavenly dragon guardian, can be by the real fire and not extinguished, through ten thousand folds and not bent, really like the immortal treasures general.
Xuanfeng Sleeve
Xuanfeng sleeves shaped like the tail feathers of a sacred bird, colorful and eye-catching, when its movement, the feathers oscillate, there is a strong wind seems to be straight down from the sky, people use this wind and travel, such as the frame six dragons back to the sun car, if by the cloud of the moon, so there is a poem: "live in the death of the sharp edge of speed, and constantly Xuanfeng through the purple micro".
Unshaped armor
As the saying goes, "Cicada shedding dragon transformation, abandoning the commonplace to ascend to immortality", the armor is woven with the shedding of immortal cicadas, which is rare in the world, and its flowing light is like wild horses and dust, which is difficult for the mortal eyes to see.
Mature Leather Wrapped Arms
The animal skin will be stripped and broken raw, simple tanning and then made into arm protection, that is, cooked skin wrapped arm, this material is widely used, the system is simple, can defend against ordinary sharp objects.
Fur armguard
The poem "take his fox, for the son of fur", fur arm protector need to choose the best animal fur, carefully sewn from. This material is expensive and moist, very warm, often used for winter.
Group training armor
The armor is made of multiple leather pieces, which is tough and can be purchased in large quantities.
Python pattern cover arm
The python resembles a snake but not poisonous, its nature is good at strangulation, its pattern resembles a leopard, inhabiting in the mountains, the so-called "cloud smoke python gas, sword crocodile scales" is also, the python pattern cover arm texture is flexible, unique structure, can be swallowed like a python to remove the force, so the name.
Curved water wrist guard
"The flowing water does not pause, the wave before the extinction of the next wave is born", curved water wrist guard with flowing water as a pattern, unconventional, light, natural, with it against the enemy, so that the force like a falling flower with the flowing water and go.
Treasure phase heavy brocade wrist
As the saying goes, "The cooked and fine brocade is called heavy brocade", the silk used in the heavy brocade wrist is only as wide as one twelfth of the ordinary silk thread, which is not only flexible but also extremely comfortable after weaving, and the pattern on it is regular and rigorous, and the light is bright, which can be said to be the color of the rose, and the essence of the treasure phase.
Kui Ngau Armor
Legend has it that the kui bull is as bright as the sun and moon, and the Yellow Emperor used its skin as a drum, and the sound was heard for 500 miles, and the armor of the kui bull is cut through and can be fitted to the body by itself, with nine golden lights on it, like the glory of the sun, which cannot be forced to see; its anti-vibration force is like thunder, which can also be stopped by ordinary men, hence the name.
Flicking Cloud Arm Protection
Fuyun arm protection is very small and out of the ordinary, between a breath and a movement, are visible on its spiritual silk floating winding, the legend says that the person wearing this armor with the intention of the Royal, it is like climbing nine heavens, between the backhand, can make ten thousand miles of sky are blue, so the name "Fuyun".
Star River Transformation Shadow
Star River shadow shape like white silk, and contains the light of the silver Han, its quality is bright like the moon among the clouds, as far away as the shadow of the lonely Hong, force to its top, it is like entering the star river, the sky is vast, unrivaled, people said: "to get the light of the sky a satin, into the sky Star River shadow.
Soft Leather Arm Sleeve
After the leather is tanned, baked and pounded to soften it and trim its shape, it becomes a soft leather arm cover, which can make it more comfortable to wear but not resistant to wear and tear.
Fleece arm pads
Fleece arm protection is in the two pieces of animal skin sandwiched by the fleece, sewn, more warm, shock-resistant than ordinary arm protection, but many times after washing the fleece will be slatted, so that the effectiveness of weakened.
Tortoise armguard
Legend has it that the tortoise is one of the four spirits, and the pattern on its armor can foretell good and bad fortune. The tortoise arm protector is tough and has the texture of the back of a tortoise, which is worn by the world to protect against enemies and to pray for the longevity of the tortoise and crane.
Shuttering leather arm
Hundred leaves of leather arm is the hundreds of tiny leather pieces of the letter into, although the manufacture is slightly time-consuming, but firm than gold and stone, hidden light, stretching freely, just like a degree, can be an ancient heirloom of the military family.
Echinoderm arm
Ancient powerful countries are made of shark skin armor, there are "fish armor smoke gathered, shells star" scene, spiny shark arm made of precious animal fur, with round nails fixed, ordinary swords can not enter, it is said that more than three hundred years as shark leather armor, and not damaged.
Kiger Union Pearl Arm
The arm is as thin as paper, its shape is like the sun, its color is like the rainbow, with the position of the viewer and change, the luster shines, like the same glory of the tenth day, its quality is hard, the fire does not burn through, the knife does not hurt, it is amazing, so it is named.
XuanLuBaoShoulder
Legend says that the deer "thousand years into the pale, and five hundred years into the white, and five hundred years into the Xuan", near the immortal gods, Xuan deer treasure armor made of spiritual objects, its quality is indestructible, a thousand years still new, can make the wearer worry to go, so the Xuan deer for the name.
Broken Smoke Haze
As the saying goes: "the blue fall of the immortal realm, the sun and the moon with the smoke," the broken smoke and haze to create a spiritual arm, its color is like ink, the sun and the moon's light can not be understood, the legend is that the immortals used magic treasures, has the effect of collecting smoke and haze, so that all things return to the Wuji.
Seven Buddha dude arms
According to legend, there are seven Buddhas in total, including Shi Zu, who gradually appear in the human world between a hundred kalpas, do not live in life and death, all have been nirvana; seven Buddha dude arm to get the wish power of the seven Buddhas, can lead all the people around into the reality, so that those with mixed hearts are confused and difficult to understand, and those with sincere hearts are greatly enlightened.
Leather strap wrist guard
Leather strap wrist protector is made of leather strip, flexible and durable, often tied to the wrist, in order to make the clothes properly and neatly, to facilitate the movement.
Hard Leather Arm Sleeve
Hard leather arm sleeves are made of hard leather with small openings for storing small objects such as arrows and sleeves, and are often worn when shooting arrows on horseback.
Pineal armor
"Does not suffer from condensation cold, pine and cypress have nature", pine pattern armor made of fierce beast leather armor, its texture like pine, also like pine and cypress general can resist the cold, so the name.
Shattered Cloud Arm Sleeve
The name of the arm set of broken clouds is taken from the meaning of "it should be the heavenly immortal who is wildly drunk and rubs the white clouds together", with a soft texture and white mane like snow on it.
Skeletonized gold robe arm
Openwork gold Luo arm sandwich hollow, with gold wire hooked into a pattern, breathing, gold light suddenly bright and suddenly extinguished, the pattern is varied, transparent as smoke, in ancient times, only the noble family available, and now the system is nearly lost.
Flowing Xia Jin Wrist
The wrist is light and soft, colorful, like a stream of haze woven, beautiful, its aura is like silk like a net, boundless, can be transformed into thousands of shapes, easily defuse the enemy's killing moves.
Five colors thick silk sleeve
Five colors, that is, green, red, white, black, yellow five positive colors, five colors thick damask sleeves five colors together, the five elements are ready, its positive energy source, flowing into the Dantian, ancient times, only the royal family available, it is said that a long time wearing the can make a hundred diseases.
floating light and breaking recklessness
Although the floating light broken reckless with the immortal spirit of the creation of things, but simple and unadorned, only a little gold light is inextinguishable, its quality of water and fire, such as the self-nature of man, unshakable, can make the wearer break the confusion, a forward, all the wonders of the world, all in one mind.
Wanjian Winding Arm
"The heart of a sage is still! The mirror of all things is also the mirror of heaven and earth." The arm of all things is woven with the purest material in the world, and the texture is as pure as the heart of the sage, which is the original truth and reflects all things, so that all the evil spirits do not dare to come near; all the strange and ingenious things can be understood and understood.
Jute wrist guard
Jute wrist guards are made of linen available everywhere, low-cost, mostly worn by martial artists when empty-handed against the enemy, to prevent dislocation of the twist.
Cotton wrist guards
Cotton wrist guards are made of cotton soaked in water, pressed, more than up to dozens of layers, comfortable to wear, although not resistant to knives and weapons, but can defend against gunpowder, stone and other concealed weapons.
Soap silk wrist guard
Soap silk wrist guard structure, shape are such as iron wrist guard, because it is made of silk, it is difficult to resist with the firm soldier, mostly for the old time when the military general on the temple audience, both to show the majesty, but also to light.
Staggered wrist guard
Staggered wrist protector is made of a unique weave, because of the warp and weft staggered across the name, the texture is flexible, too often, and many small holes for breathable, light and comfortable, not damaged over the years.
Genuine gold wrist guard
Xuan gold wrist guard black background and gold pattern, because in the textile mixed with gold wire, but also to corrode the surface of the method printed pattern, so the texture is unique; its quality does not wrinkle, rain does not invade, is a good product.
Moonflower Ice Sleeve
The moon ice sleeve is transparent, white like ice, light like the moon, can nourish the yin, calm agitation and depression, so that the five evils do not invade, the gods do not disorder, people praised: "bright and chaste, the essence of Taiyin".
Blood gushing from the vermilion
"The owner of people, blood and gas ears", Jiang blood Chung is a spiritual object, its blood color flow, such as the wisdom of God, can make the wearer five sense through, as if the gods and ghosts attached, if the owner died, it is stagnant no light, although it is harmless, but also make people look at the fear.
Seiken Wrist
The wrist of Qingxuan shimmers with light, as if there are two qi of yin and yang floating on it, flowing incessantly, which can gather the clear qi of heaven and earth for its own use, so that the heart can live in the mysterious place, see and know all things, see the vicissitudes as a moment, and transform one qi in the infinite.
Absolute Dust Wrist Guard
The wrist protector seems to have a spirit like unwilling to stain all the dirt of the world, even if it falls into the mud, it does not stain the dust, the wearer is like free from the mundane body, like a Hong, like a wandering dragon, exhale to the true and, floating over the too clear.
Vegetable hemp wrapped hands
The plain linen hand is made of plain undecorated linen, wrapped around the palm, light and breathable, can provide some protection, but because of the simple process, easy to damage.
Flat yarn wrist guard
It is more delicate and cooler than ordinary gauze wrist guards, and the method was born in Jiangnan, and has since spread throughout the country.
Crepe Linen Wrist Guard
Ge of the fine said linen, linen of the decadent for crepe, crepe linen thin as cicada wings, often made of summer clothes, because the warp and weft interwoven surface wrinkles, from a distance, such as fish scales, and like the ripples in the water, soft and elegant, the ghosts love.
Jacquard satin sleeves
Silk threads intersect, floating and into the text is said to mention the grain. The texture of the satin sleeve is as warm and moist as jade, and the warp and weft on it are interlaced into the text, changeable, and can be worn to travel the eyes and nourish the mind.
Scattered Flower Ayame Wrist
Scattered flowers damask wrist texture is clean, the pattern like broken flowers, scattered at will, this damask was first seen in the Western Han Dynasty, sixty days and made, the price is more than 10,000 yuan, and later because of the flower building machine is widely circulated in the world, civilians can also use.
Spirit Vulture Wrist Guard
Legend has it that the Buddha once opened an altar in the vulture peak, and the vulture in the mountain was used to taint the Buddha's nature. The vulture wrist guard is decorated with a vulture, which contains divine power and can make the wearer wise and wise and avoid bad luck.
Dewar's Heart Washing Sleeve
It is light and thin in texture, and the spiritual energy on it is like drops of dew, which can enter the heart and nourish the spirit, making the twelve meridians and 108 orifices in the body like the green hills after the rain, with a new look.
Five
As the saying goes, "The five yaws circulate through the twelve houses, and the heaven and the earth fall into the traffic". The five yao shoulders embroider the five stars of Cinnabar, Taibai, Fluxus, the star of the year, and the star of the town on it, so that the power of the five yao can be used to transform the qi of the heaven and the earth, and to detect the changes of the heavenly phase, so that it can plan its own response.
Dashing Wheel
"The wheel of the punching void contains infinite spiritual power, which can make people forget their forms and thoughts, and return to tranquility, so all kinds of mundane and evil things cannot be invaded.
Rough linen straight sleeve
Rough hemp straight sleeves are cut and sewn from natural linen, although warm in winter and cool in summer, easy to manufacture, but because of the rough texture, the delicate skin of people will never want to use.
Twine wrapped hands
Take cotton and hemp to make a thin rope, wind the hand, and cover the small arm, can make the palm, wrist as one, a multi-purpose, easy to put on and take off, when the defense can also be a little resistance.
Cotton silk wrist guard
Silk, that is, dense also, cotton silk wrist guards in the textile to join the remnants of the fallen silk, dense and tight texture, long service is not bad, the Zhou ritual only the common people above available, if mixed with herbs, it can eliminate fatigue and relief.
Bacchus practice wrist guard
The wrist protector is made by wrapping the silk with a hundred grasses and tying it on the wrist. This wrist protector is known for the fragrance of Hyakuso, which can penetrate the heart and spleen and protect human health.
Soft gold silk wrist
Soft gold silk soft but not wrinkled, light like yarn, smooth as satin, pure gold base, its price is also high, so the name "soft gold", its quality is brace, four times can be dressed, because of the manufacture of extravagant, in ancient times more seen in the noble house.
Double Silk Thousand Knot Wrist
As the saying goes: "The heart is like a double silk net, there are a thousand knots", double silk thousand knots wrist hooked tightly, complex structure, but as thin as cicada wings, hidden fragrance, wear it can protect the heart and veins, so that the Yingwei coordination, blood and Qi peace.
Icy algae wrist
The poem says: "Jade crack ice bloom, the wind floats immortal algae to", ice pattern immortal algae wrist using the method of wax seal dyed ice pattern, its color is small and distant, shaking at the visible flow of wind back to the snow, swiftly landing, although in the summer, also like the cold of the ninth, breathtaking, fascinated by the heart.
Knotted Sea House
If there are clouds enveloped in it, it can be transformed into a mirage according to the mind of the wearer, so that people can travel freely like the wind in the Feng Xu, so the name is taken from the meaning of "flying mirror under the moon, the clouds are born to form a mirage".
Xuan Yuan Colorless Arm
Xuan Yuan colorless arm is a ghostly work of art, its quality is empty and colorless, although the onlookers can not be detected, but the wearer can be sheltered by the aura, it is said that "five colors make people blind, it is because the sage for the belly not for the eyes, so go to him to take this", so only the immortals can know its original face.
Jute Cuff
Jute sleeve is made of jute sleeve, natural, rough and rustic, can be tightened cuffs, fresh and convenient, the people use more.
Cotton Sleeve
Cotton sleeve is made of fine cotton silk, can be dyed into a variety of colors, outside the sleeve, dirty and wear-resistant, easy to remove and replace, but also has a certain protective effect.
Dark pattern silk wrist
Silk with a dark pattern, not seen from a distance, close to the glow. Dark silk wrist texture soft and comfortable, both the light and thin body of ordinary silk, but also a gentleman's virtue of restraint, has been loved by the nobility.
Shallow wrist guard
"Fine kudzu contains wind soft, fragrant Luo folded snow light", fragrant Luo on the pepper holes, light and breathable, soft texture, dark fragrance floating, is a good product in the cloth, made of the wrist protector has the ability to protect the spirit.
Flying butterfly with flowering sleeves
Flying butterfly by flower sleeve soaked in the fragrance of a hundred flowers, originally to channel the essence of the use, but can attract butterflies fluttering to, with the sleeve flip, as see flowers blooming on the wrist, beautiful and moving, can make the wearer look like a fairy.
Leaning on snow and listening to plum sleeves
Leaning on the snow to listen to the plum sleeve is a spiritual silk woven, such as ice and snow, into the hand is extremely cool, but can make a person's spirit peace and calm, perceive the changes in heaven and earth, even if the sound such as the blossom of the micro, can also be perceived, so there is praise: "floating clouds looking at the moon is not far away, the snow to listen to the plum solid suitable for fragrance".
Mountain clouds without heart sleeves
As the saying goes, "the jade tree dissolves the immortal gas is deep, containing light mixed mundane seemingly heartless", this sleeve has no definite shape, drifting, as the mountain clouds scattered with the wind, as the will change, in accordance with nature, mysterious and unrestrained, mortals do not know where it starts from, where to go, do not dare to take it lightly.
Five Combinations of Qi
The two heavenly stems are opposed to each other, making the five elements of gold, wood, water, fire and earth, which is called the Five Harmonizing Qi. This object is named after the Five Harmonies, and its nature is the same as its theory. The wearer can take advantage of the power of heaven and earth, change in response to the times, follow the way of the five elements, and use the strange energy.
Heavenly Maiden Cultural Embroidery
The celestial maiden is embroidered without a trace of cutting, just like the clothes of the celestial beings, the embroidery pattern on it is self-generated, and there are nine channels of haze light floating around, which can protect the soul, nourish the meridians, and make people escape from the ordinary.
Agate wrist guard
The agate wrist guard is made of raw agate cut and polished, its color is black, warm and moist, jade pattern is self-generated, often used as decoration, but also has some protective ability.
Flower and leaf bracelet
The flower and leaf bracelet takes the picture of green leaves and red flowers, flowers accompanied by leaves, with different colors of jade, carved into a bracelet, crystal clear, with the meaning of "Fang Hua trailing long, named this is said to be Chang".
Stacking victory arm band
When the two lozenges are interlocked, it is a superimposed victory. It is a style handed down from the ancient times, in which two diamond-shaped jade stones of the same or different colors and patterns are placed on the arm, making it simple and generous.
Jade Cicada Arm Band
Cicadas live high and sound far away, eat wind and drink dew, is the most clean insects, jade cicada arm bundle with beautiful jade made of penannular jade, Yang engraved jade cicada on it, although the wearer can not not eat grains, but also can and clear and remove turbidity, guide the spirit of nourishment.
Pixie armguard
"Seeking a million, brave tiger for the group", brave body, also known as ward off evil, the ancient primitive more with the. Pixiu armguards five-color Lu Li, the body of natural, the beast on its lifelike, wear it can raise the righteousness, so that the false evil does not disturb.
Zhaoming Ring
As the saying goes, "the sun and the moon are clear and bright, and the stars are constant," the ring is made of the brightest stone, which shines with the sun and the moon, and shines all over the world, so the name, according to legend, can also make the heart clear and flawless, and the way of heaven.
stone red does not take away
The stone is made of solid stone, taking the meaning of "the stone is red and not taken away, the knight's will", its color is dark, glittering light flowing like stars, if a person wears it, he is in a trance at first, and then seems to reach the realm of infinity, through the ten thousand worlds of immutable reason.
Yin Yang to Virtue Ring
The yin and yang virtue ring is a pair of double rings, black and white intertwined, yin and yang, the light on it is like the color of the sun, the so-called "virtue added, cloth brilliant five colors, was brilliant in the four rea", the most bright and brilliant, the most simple and pure, just like the two yin and yang biochemistry of all things, wonderful.
A thousand lights and a mirror
The verse says: "The Dharma body of the Buddhas is in my nature, like a mirror containing a thousand lamps. It is said that the wisdom of the Buddhas is in the mirror, and it can be transformed into the human heart, so that all the subtleties of the world are available.
Jade Wrapped Hands
Jade hand is made of polished crystal jade, its quality is warm and transparent, from the fingers and wrists, can be covered, from a distance, the hand with jade color, indistinguishable.
Half-arc arm ornament
The half-arc arm ornaments are greenish-blue in color, and the half-arc pattern on them is like water waves and the waning moon, simple and elegant, with a languid mood of "looking down at the clear water waves and up at the bright moonlight".
Ice Crystal Strings
Ice crystal string is made of beautiful jade, cold in the hand, such as grains of ice crystals decorated in the wrist, exquisite and lovely, wear it can eliminate heat, avoid turbidity, so that people's ears and eyesight.
Jingun arm dangling
"Jing Yun is the colorful cloud, which is an auspicious omen. King cloud arm dangling is made of beautiful jade, the light on it changes rapidly, such as clouds, the wearer also seems to ride the clouds and return.
Lianhua about wrist
As the saying goes, "But teach your heart to be as pure as a lotus flower, why should your body be as haggard as a wood", the lotus flower is carved with precious jade in the shape of a flower, and its upper part is full of light and color, symbolizing the Buddha nature of human beings like the lotus flower, out of the sludge but not harming its purity.
Silent ring
The Ring of Silence is unadorned, but when worn, the aura transforms into the human heart, helping one to eliminate distracting thoughts, "to achieve the extreme of emptiness, to keep silence", as if returning to the beginning of chaos, when there is no separation, to practice the way of movement and stillness, to observe the theory of reality and emptiness.
Gautama Ring
It is said that Ziyang Zhenzheng not only made the chapter of enlightenment, but also passed on the ring of enlightenment, which is made of spiritual jade, and can help people return to their roots and regain their lives, body and mind, if combined with the scriptures, diligent practice, you can realize the true path, the plummet to immortality.
Cleaner ring
The ring is clear and spiritual, with its twelve channels of light flowing with the breath of the person, like a source of living water, cleanses the dirt, has the effect of exhaling the old and nurturing the new, guiding the air and nourishing the shape, long wear it can make the teeth and hair do not decline, the ears and eyes become clearer, like entering the realm of the gods.
Hiei Ring
It is said that the sight is invisible and the hearing is not heard. Xiyi ring invisible and colorless, look at it like falling into five miles of fog, but the wearer can be born out of the mind of sitting and forgetting, into the form away from the knowledge, open to the realm of heaven and earth, so nothing can not, nothing to.
thick skin
The fur of the animal.
rigid leather
thick feathers
Animal feathers.
Jin Ling
thick scales
The scales of the animal.
genus Scales
Spirit Scales
Spirit scales from the top of a serpent's head.
Scales of a spirit serpent.
