Field
Empty and uninhabited.
Flat open space where construction can take place.
Reservoir
Rivers, lakes, oases and other water areas. These watery and fertile areas provide developed fisheries and transportation.
The Reservoir has a chance to grow and expand in the sixth month of each year. Growth chance is increased with the "Well" resource building. Provides "Cooking" materials.
Stone Hills
Hills formed by numerous rocks, rich in ore deposits such as copper and gold.
Stone Hills has a chance to grow and expand in the ninth month of each year. Growth chance is increased with the "Mineshaft" resource building. Provides "Smithing" materials.
Woodlands
An area where nature flourishes. Not only is there enough sunshine, but the rainfall is even, and there are many trees with excellent quality.
The Woodlands has a chance to grow and expand in the second month of each year. Growth chance is increased with the "Tree Plantation" resource building. Provides "Carpentry" materials.
Skyward Mountain
A mountain that stands alone. Its peak soars into the clouds, surrounded by precipitous cliffs. Rich in ores and gems.
The Skyward Mountain has a chance to grow in the eighth month of each year. Growth chance is increased with the "Monument" resource building. Provides "Smithing" and "Gemcutting" materials.
Herb Paradise
Rich soil and clear water with a gentle climate. The terrain is very complex, with many ravines and caves, suitable for the growth of various types of valuable herbs.
The Herb Paradise has a chance to grow and expand in the sixth month of each year. Growth chance is increased with the "Medicine Field" resource building. Provides "Medicine" materials.
Poison Swamp
A poisonous swamp covered with miasma and silted with mud. There are many strange trees in the swamp, and many deadly snakes and insects thrive inside.
The Poison Swamp has a chance to grow and expand in the ninth month of each year. Growth chance is increased with the "Swamp Canal" resource building. Provides "Toxicology" materials.
Flower Valley
With its mild climate, the valley is covered by shrubs and numerous flower species. It is an environment suited for cultivating plants used to create fabric.
The Flower Valley has a chance to grow and expand in the fourth month of each year. Growth chance is increased with the "Valley Farmers" resource building. Provides "Weaving" materials.
Gem Deposit
A deposit of rare colored stones and jade. The gemstones are crystal clear and brilliant, shining as jeweled treasures of the land.
The Gem Deposit has a chance to grow in the twelfth month of each year. Growth chance is increased with the "Gem Mine" resource building. Provides "Gemcutting" materials.
Fertile Plain
A fertile land suitable for growing fruit trees and crops. The land is easy to develop with plenty of water and light, and very rich in its production of food and wood.
The Fertile Plain has a chance to grow and expand in the fourth month of each year. Growth chance is increased with the "Waterwheel" resource building. Provides "Cooking" and "Carpentry" materials.
Wild Habitat
A region rich in meat and fur with a diverse ecological environment. Many kinds of wild animals thrive in the area, with plenty of rare and exotic species.
The Wild Habitat has a chance to grow and expand in the second month of each year. Growth chance is increased with the "Pasture" resource building. Provides "Gemcutting" materials. Provides "Cooking" and "Weaving" materials.
Lava Pond
Craters filled with lava and volcanic flame are scattered throughout the area. The heat is so intense that geothermal flame often falls to the ground and burns for three days without going out. The area is filled with high quality gold and silver ore.
The Lava Pond has a chance to grow in the seventh month of each year, but does not expand naturally. Growth chance is increased with the "Steel Cableway" resource building. Provides "Smithing" materials.
Meteor Crater
The crater formed by a falling meteorite. It is scattered with special meteor-forged iron that only true forging masters are able to work with.
The Meteor Crater has a chance to grow in the tenth month of each year, but does not expand naturally. Growth chance is increased with the "Fire-Setting" resource building. Provides "Smithing" materials.
Primeval Jungle
A dense and untouched forest, full of exotic flowers and grasses. It is dark and humid, making the harvesting process very difficult.
The Primeval Jungle has a chance to grow in the seventh month of each year, but does not expand naturally. Growth chance is increased with the "Cedar-Heart Wall" resource building. Provides "Caprentry" materials.
Taishi Forest
Taishi, The Forest of the Great Beginning, is a mostly empty land. The only thing in sight as you walk through its grounds is a sparse number of strange trees. Their purple trunks grow tall and wide, cutting off at a sheer edge at the top. Each show signs of uncountable age with a single fruit growing atop their branches.
The Taishi Forest has a chance to grow in the sixth month of each year, but does not expand naturally. Growth chance is increased with the "Swinging Suspensions" resource building. Provides "Carpentry" materials.
Everspring Ravine
An isolated mountain ravine that flows endlessly with precious water. All seasons are like spring inside the peach wonderland, and any herbs grown inside are nurtured endlessly.
The Everspring Ravine has a chance to grow in the fifth month of each year, but does not expand naturally. Growth chance is increased with the "Water Canal" resource building. Provides "Medicine" materials.
Snake Pit
A cave occupied by a myriad of poisonous snakes. The dense poison has bled into the surroundings, leaving barren ground and decayed trees in its wake. Glimpses of numerous white bones can be seen from the entrance, its desolate atmosphere heightened by the endless darkness when you peer inside.
The Snake Hole has a chance to grow in the fifth month of each year, but does not expand naturally. Growth chance is increased with the "Feeding Cage" resource building. Provides "Toxicology" materials.
Fragrance Land
A mysterious land full of mesmerizing flowers, plants and crystals with strange aromas. Its unique nature lends to the production of special fabrics.
The Fragrance Land has a chance to grow in the eleventh month of each year, but does not expand naturally. Growth chance is increased with the "Cloud Canopy" resource building. Provides "Weaving" materials.
Dragon Vein
The breath of the dragon vein is hidden and nurtured, leading to a prosperous vitality. The auspicious feng shui of heaven, earth, yin and yang, are perfectly harmonized here. 
The Dragon Vein has a chance to grow in the third month of each year, but does not expand naturally. Growth chance is increased with the "Feng Shui Residence" resource building. Provides "Weaving" materials.
Ley Line
The ley line is the core essence of the earth, made up of narrow underground caves filled with mysterious minerals and plants.
The Ley Line has a chance to grow in the twelfth month of each year. Growth chance is increased with the "Hidden Mausoleum" resource building. Provides "Gemcutting" materials.
Eternal Ice
Born in environments of extreme cold, the ice is formed after hundreds of millions of years. It's so tough that it cannot be broken by cutting and chopping, and it cannot be melted by fire of any sort.
The Eternal Ice has a chance to grow in the first month of each year. Growth chance is increased with the "Divine Statues" resource building. Provides "Gemcutting" materials.
Weeds
Amidst the dense foliage, numerous insects sing under the night sky.
Weeds have a chance to grow and expand in the third month of each year.
Stones
Amidst the rocky ground, numerous insects sing under the night sky.
Stones do not grow naturally, nor will they expand.
Ruins
Amidst the broken structures, numerous insects sing under the night sky.
Ruins do not grow naturally, nor will they expand.
Well
It is made of mud and sand, covered with vegetation and stacked with stones. It is used for water storage and flood control facilities.
Must be built next to the "Reservoir". Increases its yearly growth chance. You will need to send villagers to operate it. Food materials for "Cooking" can be harvested, as well as the food resource every month.
Mineshaft
The mineshaft reaches several dozen feet into the ground, cut to explore a vein of ore.
Must be built next to the "Stone Hills". Increases its yearly growth chance. You will need to send villagers to operate it. Ore materials for "Smithing" can be harvested, as well as the ore resource every month.
Tree Plantation
Employ farmers to grow, maintain and irrigate the trees of the "Woodlands".
Must be built next to the "Woodlands". Increases its yearly growth chance. You will need to send villagers to operate it. Wood materials for "Carpentry" can be harvested, as well as the wood resource every month.
Monument
Engraved monuments with many pictures or poems, carved on the cliff face.
Must be built next to the "Skyward Mountain". Increases its yearly growth chance. You will need to send villagers to operate it. Ore and Jade materials for "Smithing" and "Gemcutting" can be harvested, as well as the ore or jade resource every month.
Medicine Field
Employ farmers to grow, maintain and irrigate the herbs of the "Herb Paradise".
Must be built next to the "Herb Paradise". Increases its yearly growth chance. You will need to send villagers to operate it. Herb materials for "Medicine" can be harvested, as well as the herb resource every month.
Swamp Canal
Freely dug channels that continuously dumps mud and sewage into the swamp from various places.
Must be built next to the "Poison Swamp". Increases its yearly growth chance. You will need to send villagers to operate it. Herb materials for "Toxicology" can be harvested, as well as the herb resource every month.
Valley Farmers
Employ farmers to grow,  maintain and irrigate the flowers and plants.
Must be built next to the "Flower Valley". Increases its yearly growth chance. You will need to send villagers to operate it. Fabric materials for "Weaving" can be harvested, as well as the fabric resource every month.
Gem Mine
Mines excavated for mining gems. Compared to open pit mining, it is more difficult but more profitable.
Must be built next to the "Gem Deposit". Increases its yearly growth chance. You will need to send villagers to operate it. Jade materials for "Gemcutting" can be harvested, as well as the jade resource every month.
Waterwheel
With the water flow as the power,  vast fields can be irrigated.
Must be built next to the "Fertile Plain". Increases its yearly growth chance. You will need to send villagers to operate it. Food and Wood materials for "Cooking" and "Carpentry" can be harvested, as well as the food andor wood resources every month.
Pasture
Hire herders to raise animals in the fertile grasslands and protect them from disease, natural disasters and beasts.
Must be built next to the "Wild Habitat". Increases its yearly growth chance. You will need to send villagers to operate it. Food and Fabric materials for "Cooking" and "Weaving" can be harvested, as well as the food or fabric resources every month.
Steel Cableway
A large, steel cable runs across the volcanic craters, so that the core areas can be access at will.
Must be built next to the "Lava Pond" using the "Steel Buckle" as the core material. Increases its yearly growth chance. You will need to send villagers to operate it. Ore materials for "Smithing" can be harvested, as well as the ore resource every month.
Fire-Setting
It is a popular method to heat up ore with an intense heat using firebombing, in order to make them easier to break down.
Must be built next to the "Meteor Crater" using the "Black Powder" as the core material. Increases its yearly growth chance. You will need to send villagers to operate it. Ore materials for "Smithing" can be harvested, as well as the ore resource every month.
Cedar-Heart Wall
Thorns and high walls surround the jungle, protecting the primeval woodland from human and animal intrusion so that its unique environment can be preserved.
Must be built next to the "Primeval Jungle" using the "Hundred-year cedar heart" as the core material. Increases its yearly growth chance. You will need to send villagers to operate it. Wood materials for "Carpentry" can be harvested, as well as the wood resource every month.
Swinging Suspensions
The two aerial wooden houses that are suspended by slings on both sides of the giant tree can be lifted and lowered, allowing people to climb up and down the giant wood.
Must be built next to the "Taishi Forest" using the "Diamond Wheel" as the core material. Increases its yearly growth chance. You will need to send villagers to operate it. Wood materials for "Carpentry" can be harvested, as well as the wood resource every month.
Water Canal
The construction of artificial water diversion channels helps the precious water spread to more areas while reducing siltation.
Must be built next to the "Everspring Ravine" using the "Jade Pottery Tube" as the core material. Increases its yearly growth chance. You will need to send villagers to operate it. Herb materials for "Medicine" can be harvested, as well as the herb resource every month.
Feeding Cage
Loaded with cattle, sheep, fish and insects to feed the poisonous snakes so they can grow and multiply.
Must be built next to the "Snake Pit" using the "Snake Feeding Cage" as the core material. Increases its yearly growth chance. You will need to send villagers to operate it. Herb materials for "Toxicology" can be harvested, as well as the herb resource every month.
Cloud Canopy
The oil-soaked silk crepe is woven into a white canopy to protect the terrain and plants from wind and rain.
Must be built next to the "Fragrance Land" using the "Silver Line White Canopy" as the core material. Increases its yearly growth chance. You will need to send villagers to operate it. Fabric materials for "Weaving" can be harvested, as well as the fabric resource every month.
Feng Shui Residence
The residence is arranged according to the Feng Shui auspicious method, and has the magical effect of avoiding disasters and nurturing the dragon vein.
Must be built next to the "Dragon Vein" using the "Feng Shui Stones" as the core material. Increases its yearly growth chance. You will need to send villagers to operate it. Fabric materials for "Weaving" can be harvested, as well as the fabric resource every month.
Hidden Mausoleum
Built at the entrance of the Ley Line, it prevents its spiritual energy from leaking and protects it from the invasion of evil spirits.
Must be built next to the "Ley Line" using the "Zhen Yuan Evil-Preventing Beast" as the core material. Increases its yearly growth chance. You will need to send villagers to operate it. Jade materials for "Gemcutting" can be harvested, as well as the jade resource every month.
Divine Statues
Four statues crafted in the image of the ice gods stand nine feet tall, pulling four stone saws that cut into the ice.
Must be built next to the "Eternal Ice" using the "Oolite Saw" as the core material. Increases its yearly growth chance. You will need to send villagers to operate it. Jade materials for "Gemcutting" can be harvested, as well as the jade resource every month.
Taiwu Village
Taiwu village is the heart of the region, home to the ancient Taiwu clan and its people. It's a place of extreme environments and hardships, its people adhering to the way of being one with nature. Animals freely frolic the grounds, and the houses stay open without locks or guarded doors, revealing its peaceful nature different to the human world outside.
You can display the promotion weaving for people to enjoy. \nThe larger the scale of Taiwo Village, the more buildings can be built.
Ancestral Hall
Incense and offerings burn inside its halls at all times, with people seen entering and exiting often to worship Taiwu's ancestors. It acts as a meeting place for the elders of the Taiwu family to discuss and educate their future generations.
You can spend "Prestige" to instruct fellow members of the clan on martial and art techniques to improve their "Talent" by using the "Taiwu Clan Genealogy" as the heart material to build. The larger the Ancestral Hall, the more "Prestige" you will receive each month.
Dormitory
A cozy home for the villagers to live in. Inside it is set up with many through-rooms for the villagers accommodation, and a large living area where they eat their daily meals.
If a villager is homeless, their mood and reputation with you will start to decline. The larger the Dormitory, the more villagers that will be able to live inside.
Residence
An elegant house for villagers to live in. The rooms are spacious and neatly arranged with beautiful decorations, and behind the house is a garden with arranged flowers and plants.
For the characters that live in the building, their mood and reputation with you will regularly improve. The larger the Residence, the faster it will increase.
Storage
Built in a cool, ventilated place, its design allows it to stay warm in winter, and cool in summer, which is convenient for storing many kinds of resources.
Increases the maximum limit of resources that a location can store. The larger the Storage, the higher the limit.
Prized Chicken Coop
Built for raising all kinds of prized chickens. The coop is made using grass and wood ash as the base, then covered with soft grass, making it warm in winter and cool in summer, free from moisture and insect pests.
It can increase the number of prized chickens that can be raised. The larger the scale of the Prized Chicken Coop, the more prized chickens that can be adopted.
Reincarnation Platform
The building is crafted with six small bridges of different materials connecting together five stone platforms. The five platforms symbolize "God's entry into the five paths", while the six bridges represent the pathways for the reincarnation of souls.
Constructed using the "Wheel of Six Paths" as the core material, the platform sends wandering souls into reincarnation.
Tea Caravans
A business group formed from merchants who transport large quantities of goods and sell tea along the “Silk Road” in the Western Region and the Central Plains.
Constructed using the 'Western Region Map' as the core material. By sending merchants westward, you can harvest exotic treasures.
Training Hall
The training hall is a place to practice martial arts. The building is spacious and airy, and the atmosphere of the room can be arranged to suit the mood of the practitioner. There are various props for training in the room.
Increases the efficiency of a character's martial arts "Practice" within the influence of the location the building resides in. The larger the Training Hall, the more the efficiency increases. Multiple Training Halls will not stack benefits.
Escort Agency
The escort agency deals in the protection of important people or objects. To be successful one has to be connected with both good and bad forces in the martial world.
This extension building must be built next to the "Training Hall" building. Needs to be operated by up to 3 villagers to earn "Money". The larger the Escort Agency, the more "Money" you earn.
Trial Peak
The Trial Peak is made up of a series of martial tests through various obstacles built upon the cliffs. While it certainly measures the skill of a martial artist, the challenge is often to be found harsher mentally then physically.
Must be built both adjacent to the "Training Hall" building and the "Skyward Mountain" resource, using the "Nine Trials of Talent" as the core material. Needs to be operated by up to 3 villagers to acquire new villagers talented in "Martial Arts". The larger the Trial Peak, the better the talents that can be acquired.
Reception Room
As the Successor of Taiwu cannot start his own school, the reception hall often takes the place of a school door to receive martial artists. The reception hall is made of very simple but age-tested construction and has good views of the area.
Must be built next to the "Training Hall" building. Needs to be operated by up to 3 villagers to earn "Prestige". The larger the Reception Room, the more "Prestige" you earn.
Meditation Wall
The Meditation Wall is made of extreme ice and crafted cold jade. It's a special place to calm the mind and heart and destroy heart demons. Practicing in front of the wall can simulate a martial artists potential.
Must be built adjacent to the "Training Hall" building and the "Eternal Ice" resource, using the "Cold Jade Terrace" as the core material. \nIncreases the upper limit of martial talent when performing a "Breakthrough" for characters within the influence of the town and sect they belong to.
Silence Room
The Silence Room is hidden in a quiet place. Black clothes are hung on the interior doors and windows to isolate the indoor and outdoor,  so that those who practice Inner Arts can concentrate on one’s mind and forget about the outter world.
An extended building built next to the "Training Hall". \n reduces the amount of "training" required for characters in the area of influence of the town or sect they belong to to practice and break through "Inner Arts".
Forest of Poles
A large forest of poles,  with a huge number of extremely high stakes and stone piles. There is no other place to rest except those thin stakes and piles.
An extended building built next to the "Training Hall". \n reduces the amount of "training" required for characters in the area of influence of the town or sect they belong to to practice and breakthrough "Footwork".
Stunt Room
The Stunt Room is built in a clean and uninhabited place. Although small in size,  it is guarded by strict garrison. It is the place to practice secret martial arts.
An expansion building built next to the "Training Hall". \n reduces the amount of "training" required for characters within the influence of the town or sect they belong to practice and break through "Stunt".
Wooden Dummies
Equipped with sixty wooden dummies controlled by rail slings of subtle design. Practicing Fist with them is like practicing with 60 masters at the same time.
An extension building built next to the "Training Hall". \n reduces the amount of "training" required for characters in the area of influence of the town or sect they belong to to practice and break through "Fist".
Bronze Dummies
The Bronze Dummies are carefully crafted. Each bronze dummy has many acupoints which are connected to contraptions inside. When the acupoints are hit with different finger forces,  different sounds will be made.
An extended building built next to the "Training Hall". \n reduces the amount of "training" required for characters in the area of influence of the town or sect they belong to to practice and breakthrough "Finger Techniques".
Mire
The Mire is full of dense and heavy mud mixed with sand and iron,  and  the depth is just at the waist and abdomen position of ordinary people. One’s leg strength can be greatly advanced if he/she practice Kick here.
An extended building built next to the "Training Hall". \n reduces the amount of "training" required for characters in the area of influence of the town or sect they belong to to practice and break through "Kick Techniques".
Dart Range
The Dart Range has seventy big wooden targets,  seventy small wooden targets,  seventy automatic targets and a number of moving birds and animals. It is a place dedicated to the practice of eyesight and flying needles.
An extended building built next to the "Training Hall". \n reduces the amount of "training" required for characters in the area of influence of the town or sect they belong to to practice and break through "Hidden Weapons".
Swordplay Room
The Swordplay Room is a place to specialize in Sword. Swordplay requires one to follow the heart so it’s important to keep a peace mind. Therefore,  the room is built in the open air at a high place,  away from noises.
An extended building built next to the "Training Hall". \n reduces the amount of "training" required for characters in the area of influence of the town or sect they belong to to practice and break through "Sword Technique".
Blade Room
A place for specializing in Blade. There are all kinds of blades in the hall: long blades,  short blades,  double blades,  western blades and so on.
An extended building built next to the "Training Hall". \n reduces the amount of "training" required for characters in the area of influence of the town or sect they belong to to practice and break through the "Blade Technique".
Polearm Room
The open space surrounded by low mud walls. Huge drums stand on the side of the central stage,  various long weapons are listed aside.
An expansion building built next to the "Training Hall". \n reduces the amount of "training" required for characters in the area of influence of the town or sect to which they belong to practice and break through the "Polearm".
Trick Battle
It is a place where all kinds of odd-shaped blades are collected and studied. It also has a number of rooms for practicers to share their opinions on Special martial arts.
An extension building built next to the "Training Hall". \n can reduce the "training" required for characters in the area of influence of the town and sect they belong to when they practice and break through the "Exotic Weapons".
Wind Room
The wind room has a series of intricate gust generating mechanisms. A soft weapon practicioner must maintain his control in order not to hit himself.
An extension building built next to the "Training Hall". \n reduces the amount of "training" required for characters within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong to practice and break through "Soft Weapons".
Contraptions Room
Contraptions Room is a quiet and tidy workshop. The room is equipped with all kinds of clever instruments,  ranging from small awls,  tapers to large slings and lathes. Range weapon is the art of using contraptions to deal damage at a distance.
An extension building built next to the "Training Hall". \n reduces the "training" required for characters in the area of influence of the town or sect they belong to to practice and break through "Ranged Weapons".
Empty Valley
This is a silent man-made valley,  surrounded by hills that reflects every sound musical instruments made inside them. No error,  large or small,  can escape the year.
An extension building built next to the "Training Hall". \n reduces the amount of "training" required for characters in the area of influence of the town and sect to which they belong to practice and break through "Melody".
Isolated Tower
The Isolated tower havs 9 levels,  symbolizing the 9 steps into immortality. There is only very spartan provisions inside the tower which help force practitioners concentrate.
This is an extension building built next to the "Training Hall" using the "Absolute Sound Stone" as the core material. \nIt can increase the success rate of "Inner Arts" for characters within the influence of the town and sect to which they belong.
Cloud Stages
The cloud stages are a series of small steps around a giant tree that extends for a hundred jiang from the ground. So small and weak are that steps that even birds are challenged to stand on it,  and more so for a footwork practitioner.
This is an extension building built next to the "Training Hall" using "Kirin Chisel" as the core material. \nIt can increase the success rate of "Footwork Technique" for characters within the influence of the town and sect to which they belong.
Secret Room
Buried deep underground and reached only by hidden passageways,  this secret room keeps the practicing of stunts an absolute secret. Inside there are books and drawings that acts as study aids.
This is an extension building built next to the "Training Hall" using "Wind Hole Machine" as the core material. \nThis building can increase the success rate of "Stunt" for characters within the influence of the town and sect to which they belong.
Tiger ring
The tiger ring is just taller than the human body in all directions,  which makes escaping impossible. Only by training fist skills one can defeat the beasts that reside inside it.
This is an extension building built next to the "Training Hall" using the "Tiger Feeding Cage" as the core material. \nIt can increase the success rate of characters within the influence of the town and sect to which they belong when they break through the "Fist".
Cocoon Wall
The cocoon wall has two layers - towards the practitioner is a stone wall,  and behind it are silk worm cocoons. Some finger skills is needed to break cocoons behind the wall only by fingering skills,  but true masters can break the wall without breaking any cocoon.
An extension building built next to the "Training Hall" using "Eternal Cocoon" as the core material. \n can increase the success rate of characters within the influence of the town and sect to which they belong when they break through the "Finger Techniques".
Web Roof
The roof of the web roof was covered by a net made of thick ropes. One put on strength and skill in his Kicks by keeping themselves hanging upside-down on their feet.
An extension building built next to the "Training Hall" with "Dragon Bone Golden Hook" as the core material. \n can increase the success rate of characters within the influence of the town and sect to which they belong when they break through the "legwork".
Pitch Black
There is no light in the dark room. A hidden weapon practioner need very good ears to hit the 24 sparrows inside this room with only a handful of cinnabar. The truly skillful can hit the birds without killing them.
This is an extension building built next to the "Training Hall" using the "Absolute Light Wall" as the core material. \nIt can increase the success rate of the "Hidden Weapons" for characters within the influence of the town and sect to which they belong.
Swords Collection
A swordsman can hold no sword if he sees them as anonymous sticks. Only by understanding the intention of thousands of swords one can truly be a swordsman. This mound of disused swords shows how the inner toil the swordsman had endured.
An extension building built next to the "Training Hall" using "Burial Stone" as the core material. \n can increase the success rate of characters within the influence of the town and sect to which they belong when breaking through the "Sword Technique".
Shura House
In the art of blades,  skills takes second place to momentum. Here a blade practitoner had clashed many blades together in order to train his mental state.
This is an extension building built next to the "Training Hall" using the "Blade Calming Stone" as the core material. \nIt can increase the success rate of the "Blade Techniques" for characters within the influence of the town and sect to which they belong.
Iron Horses
Iron pony formation is fifty feet long and two feet wide. Both ends of the long formation have ten iron armor war horses. Once the formation is started, the iron horses charge back and forth with each other, the sound is amazing, non-hundred battles of the body can not resist.
An expansion building built next to the "Training Hall" with "Broken Iron Pony" as the core material. \n can increase the success rate of characters within the influence of the town and sect to which they belong when breaking through the "Polearm".
Diagram Field
The trickery of exotic weapons often leans on the five elements and the eight directions,  depending on the diagrams. This field is built upon the principle of diagrams and training exotic weapons inside means better understanding of its use.
This is an extension building built next to the "Training Hall" using the "Array Eye Stone" as the core material. \n can increase the success rate of characters within the influence of the town and sect to which they belong when they break through the "Exotic Weapons".
Web Alley
The web alley is only one step wide and is covered by strips of cloth tranversing it,  looking like a spider’s web. Extreme control is needed for a soft weapon to attack into and retreat from it with ease.
This is an extension building built next to the "Training Hall" with "100-twists Soft Rope" as the core material. \n can increase the success rate of characters within the influence of the town and sect to which they belong when they break through the "Soft Weapons".
Reflection Room
The many gems studded into the walls of this room will reflect moonlight into a myriad of shapes and colours. This trickery can helps with concentration needed for ranged weapons.
This is an extension building built next to the "Training Hall" using the "Light Chasing Pearl" as the core material. \n can increase the success rate of characters within the influence of the town and sect to which they belong when they break through the "Ranged Weapons".
Strings Hall
Seven strings made of exotic materials and in rainbow colours hang in this hall. They resonate to the internal energy and the mood of the music practioner respectively - happiness,  angriness,  sadness,  thoughtfulness,  sadness,  worriness and scaredness.
This is an extension building built next to the "Training Hall" using "Seven Color Heartstrings" as the core material. \n can increase the success rate of characters within the influence of the town and sect to which they belong when they break through "Melody".
Music Room
The qin house is clean and elegant, surrounded by a green mantle, built in a place with a winding path. Although it is called the Qin House, the house has all the instruments, bells, drums, pipes and flutes, because the Qin is the first of the "four arts of the literati", so it is called the Qin House.
It can increase the efficiency of characters within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong when studying "Music" books. \nThe larger the size of the house, the greater the increase in efficiency, but the effects of multiple houses do not stack.
Concert Hall
A leisure place where musicians gather. They play quite ceremonial music,  perform mostly elegant and refined dances and songs,  deeply loved by the literati.
This is an extension building built next to the "Music Room" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to earn "silver money" by playing music.
Musical Academy
A folk place for music teaching,  an elegant school for musicians to appreciate music,  exchange and impart music knowledge and performance techniques.
This is an extension building next to the Music House, using the "Echo Stage" as the core material, which requires the dispatch of villagers to operate. \nYou can find talented people who have excellent skills in "music".
Theater
The Theater brings together troupes and entertainers from all corners of the country. No tickets needed,  anyone can play at will. It’s a birth place of many popular tunes.
This is an extension building built next to the "Music Room" and needs to be operated by the villagers. The main purpose of \n is to gain "prestige" by creating operas.
Riverside Rest
Built on the riverside,  looks like a small and delicate waterside pavilion. The surface of the water is undulating and mysterious,  providing an intangible feeling.
Must be built adjacent to the "Music Room" building and the "Reservoi" resource, using the "Chaosin Stone" as the core material. \nThis building will increase the chance of Flash of insight within the influence of the town or sect when reading "Music" books.
Wonderland
A natural place far from the noises made from human activities,  just like a fairyland in the world. It is most suitable for training and practicing your comprehension ability.
Using "Worldly Immortal Root" as the heart material, an extension building is built next to the "Music Room", which needs to be adjacent to the "Everspring Ravine". \nIt can increase the "Music" attainments of the people within the influence of the town or sect to which it belongs.
Phoenix Palace
The Phoenix Palace is three feet high,  surrounded by green trees,  birds and flowers. It also refers to the magical scene of the fairy music fluttering on the stage.
An extension building built next to the "Music Room" with "Seven Colorful Sycamore Frame" as the core material, which needs to be operated by dispatching villagers. \n can significantly reduce the internal breath disorder of characters within the influence of the town and sect to which they belong at the end of each month.
Chess Room
The Chess Room is surrounded by pines and cypresses. It is square,  simple in appearance and furnishings. On the indoor floor,  there are nineteen lines drawn in the vertical and horizontal directions,  and the chess table is placed on the central Tianyuan spot.
It can improve the efficiency of characters within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong when studying the "Game Hen" book. \nThe larger the size of the game, the more the efficiency will be increased, but the effect of multiple game xuan will not be stacked.
Chess Pavilion
The Chess Pavillion is spacious and bright,  with large and small tables. Good players often come to this place to “hand talk” with friends. The servants are constantly delivering tea and the service is very thoughtful.
It is an extension building built next to the "Chess Room" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to earn money by playing games.
Chess Battle
Come and have a chess battle on this open-air stone platform. The platform is located in a crowded area,  where lots of people come and enjoy watching the GO players play against each other.
An extension building is built next to the "Chess Room" using the "Gentleman's Stone Plate" as the core material, and villagers must be dispatched to run it. \nYou can find talented people with excellent skills in "chess".
Chess Library
The Chess Library occupies a very wide area,  and there are a large number of ingeniously designed Go Chess Manuals in the garden. In order to protect the Go Chess Manuals,  they are often carved on the stone tablets and plates.
It is an extension building built next to "Chess Room" and needs to be operated by sending villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to exhibit chess games to gain "prestige".
Glaze House
This splendid house has seven floors. The chess room is located on the top floor. Around the period when the guilding was under construction,  there were many foreigners in the land of China. The Glaze House was a pavilion for entertaining and chatting with foreign chessers.
An extension building is built next to "Chess Room" with "Gemstone Pieces" as the core material, and must be adjacent to "Gem Deposit". \nThis building will increase the chance Flash of insight within the influence of your town or sect to be able to read the book of "Chess".
Mirror Stage
Like flowers in the mirror,  or the illusion of moon reflected by water. One may face rapidly changing situations during go chess games. It is important to overcome agitated feelings,  so you can have peace in mind.
An extension building built next to "Chess Room" with "Empty Mirror" as the heart material, which needs to be adjacent to "Eternal Ice". \nThe building can increase the "Chess" attainments of people within the influence of the town or sect to which it belongs.
Strategy Room
There are maps hanging on the wall,  long tables in the center,  and all kinds of informations are all there. The room where strategy can be formulated and various actions are planned.
This is an extension building built next to "Chess Room" with "Founder's Guide" as the core material. \n can increase the upper limit of the number of Taigo's fellow trainees.
Study Room
Books,  scrolls are on the shelves.The four treasures are on the desk: pen,  ink,  paper,  enamel. There are lights and tea,  as well as a number of antiques.
It increases the efficiency of characters within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong when studying "Literature" books. \nThe larger the size of the study room, the more the efficiency will be increased, but the effect of multiple study rooms will not stack.
Bookstore
The bookstore is a store frequented by literati and scholars who buy and sell books. The books in the bookstore are mostly hand-copied and very rich in content, including the Four Books and Five Classics, word posters and novels.
The extension building is built next to the "study room" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to earn "silver money" by buying and selling books.
Academy
The academy is an facility for private lectures and teaching. It is also an important institution for literature collection and research.
An extension building is built next to the "Study Room" with "famous inscriptions" as the core material, and villagers must be dispatched to run it. \nYou can find talented people with excellent qualifications in Literature.
Scholar Office
With extreamely rich collections,  it is the hall where the great confucians study ancient books and records.
The extension building is built next to the "Study Room" and needs to be operated by sending villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to obtain "prestige" by compiling books.
Poem Hill
The mountain is full of stone monuments, and at a glance, the mountain is full of "Ba Xia" who are carrying stone monuments and lying on the ground. The calligraphy and character marks on the monuments are all the same, and the "God, Air, Bone, Blood and Flesh" between the lines are all handsome and elegant.
An extension building built next to the "Study Room" using the "Turtle Humpback Statue" as the core material, which must be adjacent to the "Stone Hills". \nThis building will increase the chance of people within the influence of your town or sect to have a "Flash of insight" when they read books on "Literature".
Everbright Room
A small building decorated with a lot of white marble and strange crystal. The building is gleaming at night,  like a bright moon. There is no light in the building,  but the night here is still bright.
An extension building is built next to the "Study Room" with "Moonlight Stone" as the core material, and must be adjacent to the "Ley Line". \nIt can increase the "Literature" attainment of the people within the influence of the town or sect to which it belongs.
Library
A private facility for collection,  maintenance and copying works for all types of books. It is strictly forbidden for outsiders to enter the Library,  which displays the essence of the various syllabuses and the secrets left by the sages of the past dynasties.
An extension building is built next to the "Study Room" with the "Cabinet of a Thousand Books" as the core material, and villagers must be dispatched to operate it. \nYou can repair the books placed in it.
Art Room
Art Room is three floors high,  hollow to hang a long roll of several feet. The outer wall of Art Room is decorated with colorful paint,  which is in harmony with the studio on the top floor.
It can increase the efficiency of characters within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong when studying "Painting" books. \nThe larger the size of the Art Room, the greater the increase in efficiency, but the effects of multiple Art Rooms do not stack.
Paint Shop
In the Paint Shop is separated into two zones by a black curtain. One is for selling the copies of famous paintings through the ages; the other one is for selling the original painting created by the owner.
An extension building built next to the "Art Room", which requires the dispatch of villagers to operate. \nThe main purpose of the building is to earn "money" by selling and buying paintings.
Painting Hall
The Painting Hall is home to a large number of talented people who like Paint. It is an elegant club that appreciates and exchanges paintings. There are no colours in the pavilion so as not to obstruct the viewing of the paintings.
An extension building is built next to the "Art Room" with the "Pure Color Wall Color" as the core material, and villagers must be dispatched to run it. \nYou can find talented people who have excellent qualifications in "painting".
Garden of Art
Beautiful garden with many pavilions and stages that were decorated by outstanding artists.
This is an extension building built next to the "Art Room" that requires the dispatch of villagers to operate. \nThe main purpose of the building is to gain "prestige" by opening exhibitions.
Pigment Workshop
Take all kinds of exotic flowers and plants to make special pigments.
An extension building built next to the "Art Room" with the "Baise Mortar" as the core material, which must be adjacent to the "Flower Valley". \nThis building will increase the chance that people within the influence of the town or sect to which it belongs will have a "Flash of insight" when studying "Painting" books.
Gallery
A pavilion built with precious wood. This colorful pavilion is fragrant and elegant.
An extension building built next to the "Art Room" with "Hundred Colored Fragrant Wood" as the core material, which must be adjacent to the "Fragrance Land". \nThe building will increase the "Painting" attainment of the people within the influence of the town and sect to which it belongs.
Makeup Room
Also known as the painting eyebrow xuan, is the beauty of the powder white Dai black, Shi Fangze only xuan house, extremely popular attention and worship. There are often "once the new makeup throw the old kind, the six palaces compete to draw black smoke eyebrows" and other escapades occur.
An extension building built next to the "Art Room" using the "Jade Mirror Flower Terrace" as the heart material. \n can greatly increase the goodwill with Taiwu's first acquaintance.
Observatory
A huge platform for observing the shadows of daylight and the stars of the night. In addition to observing the sun,  moon,  and stars,  it is also used to identify “the four periods and six qi” so as to predict the fortune.
It can increase the efficiency of characters within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong when studying books on "arts and mathematics". \nThe larger the size of the observatory, the greater the increase in efficiency, but the effects of multiple observatories do not stack.
Divination Room
A venue for divination. There are many forms of fortune telling,  such as bone reading,  face reading,  kau cim,  bazi,  plum flower coculation,  etc..
This is an extension building built next to the "Observatory" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to earn "silver money" by divination.
Necromancer Room
A necromancer is a cultivator who is proficient in the five-elements technique,  a witch-like doctor and also an alchemy reasercher. This is the room that houses and supplies the necromancers.
An extension building is built next to the "Observatory" using the "Sundial Star Instrument" as the core material, and villagers must be dispatched to operate it. \nYou can find talented people who have excellent qualifications in the field of "arts and mathematics".
High Altar
A venue for grand ritual ceremonies. In the center of the square,  there is a high stone altar,  with a huge copper tripod,  as a prayer for heaven and earth.
The extension building built next to the "Observatory" is to be operated by sending villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to obtain "prestige" through rituals and prayers.
Star Pick
The Star Pick is not only super tall,  but also built on a very high peak,  as if you can reach out to the clouds and pick up the stars with your own hand here.
An extension building built next to the "Observatory" with the "Stargazing Pearl" as the core material, which must be adjacent to the "Skyward Mountain". \nThis building will increase the chance of people within the influence of your town or sect to have a "Flash of insight" when they study books on "Astrology".
Kunlun Tower
A tower built with the rarest stones,  metals and woods collected from the five great mountains. The tower is dedicated to the “Kunlun Mountain God“,  which is believed the god of the Dragon Veins.
An extension building built next to the "Observatory" using the "Kunlun Mountain God Statue" as the heart material, which must be adjacent to the "Dragon Vein". \nThis building will increase the "Astrology" attainments of the people within the influence of the town or sect to which it belongs.
Life and Death Observatory
"There are woes and blessings for people, and longevity. Both are born and perish again, and both perish and are born again". The two star streamers of birth and death are one positive and one negative, one side is painted with the seven stars of the Big Dipper and the other side with the six stars of the Southern Dipper, and the two sides turn with the wind and are reversed from time to time.
This is an extension building built next to the "Observatory" using the "Two Star Chart of Life and Death" as the core material. \n can improve Taigo's life legacy.
Clarifier
A small hall built in the deep well where the spring was excavated. In the Clarifier,  facilities for water purification are installed to optimize water quality.
It increases the efficiency of characters within the area of influence of the town or sect to which they belong when studying "Appreciation" books. \nThe larger the size of the Clarifier, the greater the increase in efficiency, but the effects of multiple Clarifiers do not stack.
Teahouse
In addition to the area where ordinary people drink tea,  the teahouse also has elegant seats and a valuable tea sets for the riches.
This is an extension building built next to the "Clarifier" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to sell tea to earn money.
Tavern
The tarvern can store a large amount of fine wines. Beautiful women sell wine here day and night.
This is an extension building built next to the "Clarifier" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to sell alcoholic beverages to earn "silver money".
Aroma Park
A private institution specializing in the identification of drinks and tea. Hosted by a respected celebrity.
An extension building is built next to the "Clarifier" with the "Golden Furnace of Incense" as the core material, and villagers must be dispatched to run it. \nYou can find talented people with excellent qualifications in "Appreciation".
Four-Seas Mansion
This mansion is open seven days a year and is known as the “Four-Seas Club”. The host hire experts to collect the famous tea and wine in the world,  for the tea and wine masters to appreciate.
This is an extension building built next to the "Clarifier" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to gain "prestige" by Appreciation tea and wine.
Floating Bar
A bar run by northern barbarian tribes. You can enjoy exotic wine and the dancings performed by beautiful ladies.
An extension building is built next to the "Clarifier" with "Exotic Treasures" as the core material, and must be adjacent to the "Reservoir". \nThis building will increase the chance of people within the influence of the town or sect to have a "Flash of insight" when reading the "Appreciation" books.
Mystic Garden
"White cranes in the cuiwei, yellow essence of the quiet stream. I know that the world's guests are not as good as the people in the mountains". The so-called fairyland on earth is nothing more than this divine garden in the paradise of the world.
Using "Worldly Landscape Stone" as the core material, an extension building is built next to "Clarifier", which needs to be adjacent to "Everspring Ravine". \nThis building will increase the attainment of the "Appreciation" of the people within the influence of the town and sect to which it belongs.
Tea Garden
The tea garden is built on the low slope of the north facing the fertile land. It is a garden for cultivating tea trees,  collecting raw tea and frying tea.
An extension building is built next to the "Clarifier" with "Cloud Dragon Pond" as the core material, and be adjacent to the "Fertile Plain", operated by dispatching villagers. \nHarvests tea.
Wine Steamer
A workshop that uses special equipments to make strong and fragrant shochu.
An extension building is built next to the "Clarifier" with "Gold Jade Dew Plate" as the core material, and be adjacent to the "Fertile Plain", operated by dispatching villagers. \nHarvests wine.
Forging Room
Equipped with furnaces,  bellows and anvils.
You can make, repair, and refine metal tools. \nIncreases the efficiency of characters within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong when studying "Smithing" books. \nThe larger the size of the Forging Room, the more efficiency is increased, but the effects of multiple forging rooms do not stack.
Blacksmith
To create and sell a variety of metal appliances to make a living. Small as nail tools,  large as swords and armor,  can be bought in the blacksmith shop.
This is an extension building built next to the "Forging Room" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to sell metal tools to earn "silver money".
Workshop
A huge open-air foundry with many blacksmiths and apprentices.
An extension building is built next to the "Forging Room" with the "Red Furnace Forge" as the core material, and villagers must be dispatched to operate it. \nYou can find talented people who have excellent skills in "forging".
Goldshop
The gold shop is a shop that exchanges gold and silver or trading gold and silver appliances. Due to the value and importance of the gold shop,  only those of high prestige and prestige can host it.
This is an extension building built next to the "Forging Room" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to sell metal tools to gain "prestige".
Hydraulic Bellow
It is installed at the water’s edge,  and uses the water flow to pull the fan to open and close,  and conducts the blasting treatment device. Compared to the manpower blast,  the water drain is more powerful.
The expansion building built next to the "Forging Room" must be adjacent to the "Reservoir". \n increases the chance that people within the influence of the town or sect they belong to will have a "Flash of insight" when studying the "Smithing" book.
Meteor Pit
The iron meteorite is extremely tough that water and fire can not invade. It requires a lot of efforts to refine it into a device.
An extension building built next to the "Forging Room" with the "Sky Iron Plow" as the core material, which must be adjacent to the "Meteor Crater". \nIt can increase the "Smithing" attainments of the people within the influence of the town and sect to which it belongs.
Washing Pond
First,  collect the ore in the deposit that has been scattered by the wind and rain,  or that has been broken due to the mining process,  and then wash and re-select with water to obtain more goldstone.
The extension building is built next to the "Forging Room" using "Coarse Gold Sand" as the core material, and is adjacent to the "Stone Hills". \nHarvests gold and silver materials for "Smithing".
Refinary
After the gold stone is burned into liquid,  impurities are removed by complex techniques,  then pure gold essence can be extracted.
An extension building is built next to the "Forging Room" with the "Fire Sinking Pond" as the core material, and it must be adjacent to the "Stone Hills", and villagers must be dispatched to operate it. \nYou can harvest iron materials for "Smithing".
Mystic Water Treatment
With seven stone well built in the name of seven stars as the Sun,  the Moon,  Venus,  Jupiter,  Mercury,  Mars and Saturn,  and water collected through them,  we can build the most spiritual weapons.
This is an extension building built next to the "Forging Room" using the "Dragon King's Water House" as the core material. \nIt will enable the adjacent "Forging Room" to produce better quality metal tools.
Inferno Furnace
Built on the fire pool,  it is used to take the smelting iron of underground fire. The temperature in the furnace is extremely high,  that any stone is melted.
This is an extension building built next to the "Forging Room" with the "God's Firewood Burner" as the core material and adjacent to the "Fire Pond". \nIt can reduce the requirements for "Smithing" attainment when crafting, repairing, and refining gold and iron equipment.
Carpentry Room
Saws,  planes,  chisels,  drills,  rulers,  ink fountains,  etc. are all available in the Carpenter.
You can make, repair, and refine wooden instruments. \nIncreases the efficiency of characters in the area of influence of the town or sect to which they belong when studying "Carpentry" books. \nThe larger the size of the Carpentry Room, the more the efficiency is increased, but the effects of multiple Carpentry Rooms do not stack.
Woodwork
The woodwork mainly deals in the trade of small items of carpentry,  like tables,  chairs,  utensils,  or lanterns.
The extension building built next to the "Carpentry Room" needs to be operated by dispatching villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to sell wooden tools to earn money.
The Seven Workshops
The seven workshops are designed to the needs for seven different Carpentry trades used in public works as recorded in history. Its products include musical instruments,  weapons,  carts or ships.
An extension building is built next to the "Carpentry Room" with the "Hakuho Carpentry" as the core material, and villagers must be dispatched to run it. \nYou can find people with excellent qualifications in "carpentry".
Construction Team
The construction team specializes in the construction of buildings,  though they can also help in building roads and bridges.
An extension building built next to the "Carpentry Room" that requires the dispatch of villagers to operate. \nThe main purpose of the building is to sell wooden tools to gain "prestige".
Black Oil Pool
The Black Oil Pool collects oils and sap from neighbouring swamps for treating wood. Treated wood have more stable properties which makes them easier to be worked on.
The expansion building built next to the "Carpentry Room" must be adjacent to the "Poison Swamp". \nThis building will increase the chance that people within the influence of the town or sect to which it belongs will be able to have a "Flash of insight" when reading "Carpentry" books.
Arboretum
The Arboretum is a collection of exotic trees of all kinds,  in different shapes. By working on and looking at them,  A woodworker gains insight and advancement in skill.
An extension building made of "Translucent Agar" and built next to the "Carpentry Room", which must be adjacent to the "Jungle". \nThis building will increase the "Carpentry" attainment of the people within the influence of the town or sect to which it belongs.
Logging Camp
When it comes to felling trees,  nothing beats organized work gangs armed with a full complement of tools at a logging camp.
An extension building is built next to the "Carpentry Room" with "Hundred Saws" as the core material, which is adjacent to the "Woodlands" and needs to be operated by dispatching villagers. \nWooden materials for carpentry can be harvested.
Forest Farm
A forest farm regulates tree-felling in its area in order to protect the forest. It also cultivates and nurses trees worthy of protection.
An extension building is built next to the "Carpentry Room" with "Panshan Water Dragon" as the core material, and it is adjacent to the "Woodlands" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nYou can harvest rattan and bamboo materials for "Carpentry".
Wood Treatment Klin
This klin is designed so that it can dry up wood while keeping them cool. Wood treated in it is immune to heat or moisture and can last for a long time.
An extension building built next to the "Carpentry Room" using "silver bone cold bituminous coal" as the core material. \nThis will enable the adjacent "Carpentry Room" to produce better quality wooden tools.
Sacred Woods
This is a diagram created by morphing the roots of sacred trees. As long as it grows from the ground,  when put inside the diagram,  all its properties will be magnified for all to be seen.
The extension building is built next to the "Carpentry Room" with "Godwood Roots" as the core material, and is required to be adjacent to the "Taishi Forest". \nThis building will reduce the requirement of "Carpentry" attainment for crafting, repairing and refining wooden tools.
Herbal Room
Various medicinal materials are prepared by rolling,  frying,  concentrating,  etc.,  and are made into healing cream,  potions and pills.
Can make elixirs. \nIncreases the efficiency of characters within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong when studying books on "medical arts". \nThe larger the size of the dispensary, the more the efficiency is increased, but the effects of multiple dispensaries do not stack.
Pharmacy
Shops that prepare and sell medicine depending on prescriptions. In addition,  there are doctors in the old drugstores who can conduct on-site medical treatment,  massage,  needle application,  etc. It is a comprehensive medical house.
This is an extension building built next to the "Herbal Room" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to earn "silver money" by selling potions.
Herbalist Hall
A hall for experimenting and developing new drugs. It has dozens of apprentices and is also a place where prestigious physicians conduct consultations and discuss Medicine.
An extension building is built next to the "Herbal Room" with the "mahogany medicine cabinet" as the core material, and villagers must be dispatched to run it. \nYou can find talented people with excellent qualifications in the field of "medicine".
Welfare Hospital
The Welfare Hospital is a place to receive and relieve those who are poor and sick. Not only does it give away medicines,  but it also has a ward kitchen and provides simple accommodation.
This is an extension building built next to the "Herbal Room" and needs to be operated by sending villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to sell pills to gain "prestige".
Animal Hospital
A hospital that treats livestock and wildlife. Although veterinary halls are inconspicuous,  medical treatments are sometimes connected to human treatments,  and many brilliant medicines have experienced the process of birth and  verification here,  then played their part onto patients.
An expansion building built next to the "Herbal Room", which needs to be adjacent to the "Wild Habitat". \nIt increases the chance that people within the influence of the town or sect to which it belongs will have a "Flash of insight" when studying books on "Medicine".
Frozen Coffin
Patient samples are especially important when studying Medicine. However,  human flesh is easy to break after dead,  so the Frozen Coffin is built to preserve the remains of the deceased,  which can be used for years without rot.
Using "Cold Jade Ice Coffin" as the heart material, the extension building built next to "Herbal Room" needs to be adjacent to "Eternal Ice". \nIt can increase the "Medicine" attainments of the people within the influence of the town and sect to which it belongs.
Herbal Garden
A herbal plantation that is modeled after the living environment of wild herbs. The composition of the garden is very particular,  and it is necessary to plan depending on the “yin and yang,  cold and heat,  and five flavors” of the herbs.. 
An extension building is built next to the "Herbal Room" with "Four Seasons Light Beads" as the core material. It must be adjacent to "Herb Paradise" and villagers must be dispatched to operate it. \nYou can harvest Yang herbs for "Medicine".
Cultivation Room
The rarest herbs often associated with specific things. The so-called “medicine cultivation” is to raise those rare herbs with special items to achieve the purpose of cultivation and reproduction.
An extension building is built next to the "Herbal Room" with "Meridian Opening Stone" as the heart material. It must be adjacent to "Herb Paradise" and villagers must be dispatched to operate it. \nIt is necessary to dispatch villagers to operate it. You can harvest Yin herbs for "Medicine".
Intelligent Cauldron
A cauldron that can change the heating power to fit the nature of the medical materials. Let it boil the medical soup,  the heat can be just accurate.
An extension building is built next to the "Herbal Room" with "Water and Fire Smokeless Charcoal" as the core material. \nThis building will enable the "Herbal Room" adjacent to it to produce better quality pills.
Shennong Ravine
The Shennong Ravine is the most spiritual place in the world,  no matter what kind of vegetation,  after transplanted to Shennong Ravine,  it may or may not grow,  it will never die either.
Using "Farming God's Blood" as the heart material, an extension building is built next to the "Herbal Room", which needs to be adjacent to the "Everspring Ravine". \n can reduce the requirement of "Medicine" when making potions.
Cellar
The cellar was built in the deep and cold underground. There are utensils for the preparation of poisons in the room,  which also breeds highly venomous snakes and plants.
You can make poisons and quench poisons for items. \nIncreases the efficiency of characters within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong when studying "Toxicology" books. \nThe larger the size of the chamber, the greater the increase in efficiency, but the effects of multiple chambers do not stack.
Poison Market
The poison market sells ordinary poisons such as arsenic to kill rats and pests, and has detailed records of sales and purchases. However, the ordinary people do not know, here will also be hidden to sell other terrible poison that hurts people's lives.
This is an extension building built next to the "Cellar" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to sell poisons to earn money.
Oubliette
A dungeon where sinners are imprisoned and tortured. The existence of dark prison is well known,  not a secret. The treacherous and wicked people often come here after the incident.
This is an extension building built next to the "Cellar" using the "Killing Frame" as the core material, which requires the dispatch of villagers to operate. \nYou can find people with excellent qualifications in the field of "Toxicology".
Mad Medic
Mad Medics are different,  non-conventional,  and even less respected by the world. These secret doctors are happy with the most difficult diseases,  but not with saving lives.
This is an extension building built next to the "Cellar", which requires the dispatch of villagers to operate. \nThe main purpose of the building is to sell poisons to gain "prestige".
Animal Testing
The secret enclosures where livestock and beasts are kept. Whenever the poisoner needs to test the toxicity of the same poison, it is often necessary to brutally poison hundreds of lives here.
The expansion building built next to the "Cellar" needs to be adjacent to the "Wild Habitat". \n can increase the chance that characters within the influence of the town or sect they belong to will have a "Flash of insight" when studying "Toxicology" books.
Enclosed Chamber
The process of poison refining is complicated and takes a long time. It is very easy for others to be injured by the poisonous gas mist produced in the process of refining,  and thus more troubles,  so this building is always hidden from the public.
An extension building built next to the "Cellar" with "Incense of Avoidance" as the heart material, which must be adjacent to the "Jungle". \nIt can increase the "Toxicology" skill of the people within the influence of the town and sect to which it belongs.
Miasma Pool
Condensing and refining poison from toxic pool. In addition to providing poisonous water for refining,  the miasma pool can also be used to breed flowers and insects that are susceptible to toxic infections.
This is an extension building built next to the "Cellar" and "Poison Swamp" using "Ghost Swallowing Miasma Furnace" core matieral. \nYou can harvest Yang herbs for for "Toxicology".
Infected Zone
The ruins that people infected by plague live,  also the most ideal place for the toxic items to grow. The abandoned caves are dark,  and the bones are snarling,  stinking,  just like a hell on earth.
It is built next to the "Cellar" and "Poison Swamp" using "Feeding Cage" as the core material, and the villagers must be dispatched to operate it. \nYou can harvest the Yin herbs for "Toxicology".
Blood Pool
The blood pool is a scary stone pool filled with the blood of many animals and living human beings. Common toxic substances are often digested by blood pool and immediately become rare poisons.
This is an extension building built next to the "Cellar" using "Bloodstone" as the core material. \nThis building will enable the adjacent room to produce better quality poisons.
Dragon Spine
A tall wooden column made of fragrant wood mixed with poison. The column core is hollow,  in which the mysterious dragon spine is burned,  and any poisonous snake that touches it will be tamed.
This is an extension of the "Cellar", which is built next to the "Snake Pit", using the "Wonderful Scented Dragon Wood" as the core material. \nThis building can lower the requirement of "Toxicology" skill when making poisons.
Weaving Room
The Weaving Room is small in size but has exquisite gardens and elegant furnishings. It is where the workers do the weavings,  stitchworks,  and designing.
You can manufacture, repair, and refine brocade products. \nIncreases the efficiency of characters within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong when studying "brocade weaving" books. \nThe larger the size of the embroidery house, the more the efficiency is increased, but the effect of multiple embroidery houses does not stack.
Fabric Store
In addition to selling finished fabrics and satin,  a Fabric Store also tailors,  sews and repairs all kinds of large and small textiles.
This is an extension building built next to the "Weaving Room" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to sell brocade products to earn money.
Fabric Workshop
Fabric Workshop is divided into two areas of weaving and dyeing. There are 12 weavers in the Weaving area,  responsible for the textile and fur fabrics; there are 26 dyeing workers in the dyeing area,  responsible for bleaching or dyeing the fabric.
An extension building is built next to the "Weaving Room" with "Loom Dye" as the core material, and villagers must be dispatched to run it. \nYou can find talented people with excellent qualifications in "brocade weaving".
Fabric Exhibition
A gorgeous loft with beautiful fabrics and brocades. At that time,  regardless of the rich or the poor,  the most attractive talent of woman is embroidery work. So the Fabric Exhibition often turned into a matchmaker for the talented women to meet their men.
This is an extension building built next to the "Weaving Room" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to sell brocade products to gain "prestige".
Stitchwork Room
A place to decorate the splendid fabrics,  also called the Star Pavilion. The so-called “star” refers to the gems inlaid on the fabric. The decorated fabric is brilliant as if it’s covered by starlights.
The expansion building built next to the "Weaving Room" needs to be adjacent to the "Gem Deposit". \nIt can increase the chance that characters within the influence of the town or sect to which it belongs will have a "Flash of insight" when studying "Weaving" books.
Snakebone Loom
The snakebone loom has a incomparably clever structure,  and the efficiency is much higher than the ordinary machine. The mysterious snake bone is extremely tough,  and it can complete the Weaving technique that the ordinary machine can never complete.
An extension building built next to the "Weaving Room" using "Black Serpent's Skeleton" as the core material, which must be adjacent to the "Snake Pit". \nThis building can increase the "Weaving" skill of the people in the area of the town and sect to which it belongs.
Flowers Fall
The Flowers Fall is a high and low artificial waterfall filled with pool water soaked with flowers. The waste fur thread washed in it immediately become fresh and beautiful.
An extension building is built next to the "Weaving Room" with "Hundred Flowers Seeds" as the core material, which is adjacent to the "Flower Valley" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nYou can harvest plant fabrics for "Weaving".
Fabric Park
A natural garden surrounded by beautiful landscapes. In the garden,  a variety of famous flowers and worms are cultivated,  that rare fabrics can be made here. Various kinds of are and exotic animals are bred,  so that their precious fur can be taken.
An extension building is built next to the "Weaving Room" with "Exotic Fetal Eggs" as the core material, and it is adjacent to the "Flower Valley", and villagers must be dispatched to run it. \nYou can harvest animal fabric for "Weaving".
KongSang Sect Field
In the KongSang Sect field,  there are rare silkworms that can spit out colored silk. The color of the silk is mild and the touch is soft. If any fabric can be mixed with this kind of silk,  it will be radiant immediately.
The extension building next to the "Embroidery Building" is built with "12-color silkworms" as the core material. \nThis will enable the adjacent "Embroidery Building" to produce better quality brocade products.
Automatic Shuttle
Made of fragrant grass and spar,  this kind of shuttle is magnetic to fabric,  so it can connect threads and transform them into fabric. Extremely amazing.
An extension building is built next to the "Weaving Room" with "Colorful Crystal Magnet" as the core material, and it needs to be adjacent to the "Fragrance Land". \nThis building can reduce the requirement of "Weaving" attainment when crafting, repairing and refining Weaving items.
Gemcutting Room
A room filled with gems and jade,  full of complicated tools. Gemcutting processing is extremely sophisticated and requires a lot of elaborate tools.
You can manufacture, repair, and refine jade products. \nIncreases the efficiency of characters within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong when studying "Gemcutting" books. \nThe larger the size of the house, the greater the increase in efficiency, but the effects of multiple houses do not stack.
Jewelry Shop
Jewelry shop buys and sells a variety of valuable jewellery and jade objects,  and often repairs and recreates various damaged treasures too.
This is an extension building built next to the "Gemcutting Room" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to sell jade products to earn "silver money".
Raw Gem Pile
The rough stone workshop was built in the open air and stored a large amount of stone. The stonemasons can select the required rough stones at a very small cost, so the discerning and skilled craftsmen are often able to make a fortune and gain both fame and fortune.
An extension building is built next to the "Gemcutting Room" using "Sanzan Mawashi" as the core material, and villagers must be dispatched to run it. \nYou can find talented people with excellent skills in "Gemcutting".
Curios Shop
There are many antique treasures in the shop. For most of the time only “treasure for treasure” exchanges are accepted here.
This is an extension building built next to the "Gemcutting Room" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to sell jade products to gain "prestige".
Engraver
Faceting gems and jade with a variety of gold and stone tools of different hardnesses helps the artisan to better understand their properties.
The expansion building built next to the "Gemcutting Room" must be adjacent to the "Stone Hills". \nThis building will increase the chance of people within the influence of your town or sect to have a "Flash of insight" when studying "Gemcutting" books.
Blood Mirror
The Blood Mirror is made of precious red stone spar,  built on the fire pool. When the mirror shines red light,  you can see the inside of gems and see the pros and cons of them.
An extension building is built next to the "Gemcutting Room" with "Fire Pond Red Crystal" as the core material, and must be adjacent to the "Lava Pond". \nThis building will increase the skill of "Gemcutting" of the people within the influence of the town or sect to which it belongs.
The Jewel Field
It is filled with special mud and sand. The small stone embryos are buried in the field. After dozens of days,  the stone clothes will peel off,  showing the sparkling gems inside.
An extension building is built next to the "Gemcutting Room" with "Rumbo Sand" as the core material, which is adjacent to the "Jewel" and requires the dispatch of villagers to operate. \nYou can harvest jade materials for "Gemcutting".
Diamond Cutting Table
A stone solving table made of diamond, also known as a diamond saw. The diamond saw is so hard that it can be used to cut any stubborn stone that is invulnerable to swords, fire and water.
An extension building is built next to the "Gemcutting Room" with "Vajra Saw" as the core material, which is adjacent to the "Gemstone" and needs to be operated by sending villagers. \nYou can harvest stone materials for the "Gemcutting".
Workbench
Designed by a famous craftsman, the exquisite table is so cleverly constructed and functional that it can grind and process those gems and jades as fine as flies without any difference.
An extension building is built next to the "Gemcutting Room" using the "Lingering Eight Treasures" as the core material. \nIt will enable the adjacent "Gemcutting" to produce better quality jade products.
God’s Light Wall
The wall is six feet high and are made of millenium spar taken from the earth’s veins. It is also called “The Mother of Jade“. It is a treasure that can trigger the spirituality of gems.
This is an extension building built next to the "Gemcutting Room" with "Millennium Jade Mother" as the core material, and it must be adjacent to the "Spirit Vein". \nThis building will reduce the requirement for "Gemcutting attainment" in the manufacture, repair and refinement of jade products.
Cloud Room
The Cloud Room is quiet and tidy,  with the fragrance of sandalwood lingering inside. It is the room where the monks live. The furnishings in the room are very simple,  the bookshelf desk,  the simple bed and the old incense burner are all we have here.
It increases the efficiency of characters within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong when studying "Daoist" books. The larger the size of the \n cloud room, the more the efficiency will be increased, but the effect of multiple cloud rooms will not stack.
Taoist Rites
There are two areas of “yang” and “yin” in the place where Taoism prays for blessings. The Yang area is used for dispelling disasters,  exorcising evil spirits and praying for the world peace；  while the Yin area is used for exceeding the soul of the dead,  unraveling hatred between people and offering sacrifices to the ancestors.
The extension building built next to the "Cloud Room" is to be operated by dispatching villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to receive offerings for the blessing puja.
Taoist Temple
The Taoist temple is a quiet and natural place to cultivate Taoist priests.
Using the "Incense Tablet" as the core material, you can build an extension building next to the "Cloud Room" and send villagers to run it. \nYou can find talented people with excellent qualifications in "Taoism".
Sanqing Temple
Sanqing Temple is a palace dedicated to the “Sanqing ancestor“: Yuqing Origin Primus,  Shangqing Treasure Primus and Taiqing Moral Primus. The structure of the Sanqing Temple is complex but orderly,  solemn and simple. Patterns of the classical Taoist treasures are painted on the top of the temple; the pillars are engraved with gems,  Taiji patterns and patterns of treasure fans.
The extension building built next to the "Cloud Room" is to be operated by sending villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to gain "prestige" by paying homage to the villagers.
Inedia Cliff
A small settlement that was built on the cliff.  “Do not eat grains,  just suck the wind and drink the dew; take the cloud and dragons as your vehicles,  and travel around the world.“
An extension building built next to the "Cloud Room" with the "Dao Collection of the Master" as the core material, which must be adjacent to the "Lone Peak". \nThis building will increase the chance of people within the influence of your town or sect to have a "flash of light" when studying the "Dao" books.
Chaoyuan Cave
The treasure land that is conducive to the Taoist tainings. It symbolizes the highest realm of Taoist cultivation process.
The extension building built next to the "Cloud Room" with "Immortal Mountain Cloud Qi" as the core material needs to be adjacent to the "Feng Shui Dragon Point". \nIt increases the "Daoist" attainments of the people within the influence of the town or sect to which it belongs.
Alchemy Room
A room in which the so called “elixir of life” is made. It is the place to practice Taoist pills making.
The "Purple Gold Alchemy Furnace" is used as the core material to build an extension building next to the "Cloud Room". \n can restore the longevity to the scale level of the dan room for the characters within the influence of the town and sect to which it belongs.
Zen Room
A living room for meditation practicing. The Zen Room is built between the grass and the trees. Quite small in size.
It increases the efficiency of characters within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong when studying "Buddhist Studies" books. \nThe larger the size of the Zen Room, the greater the increase in efficiency, but the effects of multiple Zen Rooms do not stack.
Monastery
The temple accepts the donation of the believers and will also help the needy. The giving of the monks to the world is not limited to property. For example,  depending on the myth,  Sakyamuni cut his own flesh to feed the eagle,  which was starving and chacing after a pigeon,  to prevent them both from death. The “giving” is the most important way of Buddhist cultivation.
The extension building built next to the "Zen room" is to be operated by dispatching villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to receive alms by praying for blessings and pujas.
Buddhist Tower
The seven-storey wooden tower that enshrines the “relic“. The constructing of Buddhist Tower is a supreme merit,  so is cleaning the tower. It is an important practice for Buddhist disciples to cleanse their souls and facilitate others.
An extension building is built next to the "Zen Room" with the "relics of senior monks" as the core material, and villagers must be dispatched to run it. \nYou can find talented people with excellent qualifications in "Buddhism".
Dhammasala
Dhammasala is the lecture hall for monks. It also plays the role as an important library of Buddhism.
This is an extension building built next to the "Zen Room" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to gain "prestige" by giving lectures on Buddhism.
Peace Cave
Buddhist doctors pay attention to “healing the heart.” They use decoction and medicine to calm people and eliminate their sense of misunderstanding; they also enlighten people with the “five methods” - uncleanness view,  mercy,  karma,  buddhism,  and counting.
An extension building built next to the "Zen Room" with "Healing Buddha Medicine" as the heart material, which must be adjacent to the "Herbs". \nThis building will increase the chance of people within the influence of your town or sect to be able to read books on Buddhism.
Vicissitude Stage
The Vicissitude Stage was built between two trees,  and it was the place where the monks sit in meditation. The  scenery tells the view as “let it live,  and let it die“. It is extremely high level of Buddhism that one can look at everything in the world with a normal heart.
An extension building built next to the "Zen Room" using the "Double Tree of Withering" as the heart material, which must be adjacent to the "Forest of Taishiki". \nIt can increase the "Buddhist" attainments of the people within the influence of the town or sect to which it belongs.
Buddhist Library
Belivers are copying and studying the scriptures and chanting in this small building. Any beliver can enter and and borrow the books at will. Therefore,  although the library is not as solemn as Dhammasala,  it is even more prominent in terms of spreading Buddhist spirits.
An extension building built next to the "Zen Room" using the "Thirty-Five True Sutras" as the core material. \n can reduce the consumption of enlightenment for all study strategies.
Kitchen
The upper floor of the Kitchen is for cooking while the lower floor is for temporary storage of ingredients.
You can make dishes. \nIncreases the efficiency of characters within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong when studying "cookery" books. \nThe larger the size of the Kitchen, the more the efficiency is increased, but the effect of multiple Kitchens do not stack.
Restaurant
The restaurant has two floors and a gorgeous gatehouse.  The first floor is occupied with scattered seats while the second floor provides a few chic small compartments.
This is an extension building built next to the "Kitchen" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to sell food to earn money.
Folk Banquet
Hosted by prestigious people,  a large-scale folk open-air banquet. Hundreds of chefs come and cook for countless people that sit around thousands of tables.
An extension building is built next to the "Kitchen" with "Hundred Thousand Bowls" as the core material, and villagers must be dispatched to run it. \nYou can find talented people with excellent qualifications in the field of "cooking".
Cookery Contest
The Cookery Contest is a meeting place where famous chefs from all over the world discuss cooking and appreciating dishes.
This is an extension building built next to the "Kitchen" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to gain "prestige" by evaluating dishes.
Feeding Farm
A farm that raises rare livestocks or wild animals for food material. The size of the farm is very large,  with hundreds of houses in it. There are sika deers,  jade face foxes,  black bears,  apes,  tigers,  leopards,  elephants,  camels and so on.
The expansion building built next to the "Kitchen" needs to be adjacent to the "Beast Herd". \n can increase the chance that people within the influence of the town or sect they belong to will have a "flash of light" when studying "cookery" books.
King Cauldron
Made of a mixture of cooked copper and meteoric iron. This black cauldron has a bottom of thermal conductivity but also has body that is steadily cold,  so it requires extremely high cooking skills for the chiefs to cook with it.
An extension building built next to the "Kitchen" with "Heavenly Iron Xuan Ding" as the core material, which must be adjacent to the "Meteorite Pit". \nIt can increase the "cooking" skill of the people within the influence of the town and sect to which it belongs.
Seasons Park
The structure of the Four Seasons Garden is very peculiar, according to the habitual characteristics of seasonal vegetables, there are four levels of air vegetable beds built in a staggered manner, regardless of the cold and summer, the garden is verdant, like the spring breeze.
The building is built next to the "Kitchen" with "Four Seasons Wind" as the core material, and is adjacent to the "Fertile Field". \nVegetarian and animal ingredients for "cooking" can be harvested.
Natural Village
This village is built in ingenious structure and well planned,  that it actually forms a perfect ecosphere that provides all kinds of natural materials.
The extension building is built next to the "Kitchen" with "Tiancheng Huayu" as the core material, and it is adjacent to the "Fertile Field" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nYou can harvest fish and poultry ingredients for "cooking".
Spices Pavilion
It is used to collect and cultivate various kinds of spices,  such as: licorice,  musk,  onion,  ginger,  pepper,  cinnamon and so on. Most of the spices need to be introduced from outside the domain,  such as: anise,  parsley,  pepper,  hematoxyl,  etc..
This is an extension building built next to the "Kitchen" using the "Amphibious Universal Pot" as the core material. \nThis will enable the adjacent "Kitchen" to produce better quality dishes.
Dragon Palace
An igloo built entirely of ice bricks for storing foods that are extremely precious and prone to deterioration. Because it is like the Crystal Palace of the Dragon King,  it is called “Dragon Palace“.
This is an extension building built next to the "Kitchen" using "crystal ice bricks" as the core material, which must be adjacent to the "basalt ice". \nThis building will reduce the requirement of "cooking" skill when making dishes.
Long Street
Wide street full of shops. Long Street is located in the main road of transportation,  bringing together a large number of people from all walks of life.
It increases the efficiency of characters within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong when studying "Lore" books. The larger the \n scale of the long street, the more the efficiency will be increased, but the effect of multiple long streets will not stack.
Fair
The Fair is a place where merchants and sellers gather and sell all kinds of goods. In certain seasons,  special markets will be set up to sell seasonal goods.
The extension building is built next to the "Long Street" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to sell groceries to earn "silver money".
Wager Shop
A place for the gambling games. There are various games as well as cock fighting,  dog racing,  thrush fighting  and Cricket fighting. The gambling money is huge,  so the bodyguards can be as many as a hundred people.
The extension building is built next to the "Long Street" and needs to be operated by the villagers.  \nThe main purpose is to earn money from gambling.
Brothel
The brothel mainly takes rich and famous men as patrons. Despite named as such,  most ladies their are employed there for their musical and artistic skills rather than their bodies.
The extension building is built next to the "Long Street" and needs to be operated by the villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to earn "money" by entertaining people with sex.
Floating Brothel
The floating brothel is like a palace above the water,  very gorgeous that the non-celebrities can’t even board the ship. Celebrities enjoy the most elegent dances,  singings and ladies here.
An extension building is built next to the "Long Street" with "gold decorations" as the core material, which must be adjacent to the "Water" and must be operated by dispatching villagers. \nYou can find people with high charisma.
Goulan Washe
It is a place for civilians to entertain. There are storytelling,  artisans,  juggling and operas in the field,  which are very varied and lively.
An extension building is built next to the "Long Street" with the "troupe line" as the core material, and villagers must be dispatched to run it. \nYou can find talented people with excellent qualifications in "lore studies".
Garden Park
An ornamental garden for guests to enjoy. In the garden,  the landscape is picturesque,  and the plantings of grass and trees are carefully designed.
The extension building built next to "Long Street" needs to be operated by dispatching villagers. \nThe main purpose of the building is to gain "prestige" for people to play.
Mega Park
Designed by the famous designers,  it is built in a large area with beautiful scenery. The Mega Park is like a small town with green mountains and rivers,  streets,  bridges,  pavilions and all.
An extension building built next to "Long Street" with "Famous Garden and Landscape" as the core material, which must be adjacent to "Flower Valley". \nThis building will increase the chance of people within the influence of the town or sect to read books on "lore studies".
Occult Field
This field is full of strange flowers and stones,  and it is amazingly crafted everywhere.
An extension building built next to "Long Street" with "exotic flowers and stones" as the core material needs to be adjacent to "Evergreen Stream". \nThe building will increase the attainment of "lore studies" of the people within the influence of the town and sect to which it belongs.
Pawnshop
A pawnshop is a place for people to trade in tools,  lands,  livestock or even servants as collateral for loans. Failure to repay the on times means forfeiture of the collateral.
The extension building built next to the "Long Street" needs to be operated by sending villagers. \nYou can exchange "silver money" for groceries.
Wisdom Guild
The wisdom guild employs wise men to work under their masters. Wise men can mean anyone who has a useful skill,  have exceptional knowledge,  or can plan and execute plans.
The extension building built next to the "Long Street" needs to be operated by sending villagers. \nYou can use "Prestige" to recruit talents.
Capital
The Capital is the economic and political center of the Middle Kingdom,  croweded with the rich and powerful.
Chengdu
Chengdu,  known as “the land of abundance“,  has a mild climate fostering brilliant talents. Legend has it that celestial beings are living on the extraordinary Emei Mountain.
Guizhou
Guilin is a picturesque place.It is too beautiful to be appreciated all at once. “East or west,  Guilin landscape is the best“,  “The scenary of Guilin is the most adorable of all” are common compliments.
Xiangyang
Xiangyang is located in the north of Xiang River.The majesty of the city is easily accesible from all around. Thus it is also of great strategic importance.
Taiyuan
Taiyuan is surrounded by mountains on three sides. It is claimed to be the most important city in the north for its magnificance and prosperity.
Guangzhou
Guangzhou is an agglomeration of three minor cities. Many foreign merchants gathered in Guangzhou,  followed by various kinds of eccentric and bizarre people.
Qingzhou
Qingzhou is one of “the nine ancient states“,  towering the east part of China. Qingzhou gets its name from Yin-Yang tradition,  which argues that “Wood represents the east and Qing or “green” represents the wood.“
Jiangling
Jiangling sits on the pivot of transportation network,  known as “Capital of the First“. The superior education and literacy is nurtureing wisdom and attracting intelligent people.
Fuzhou
Fuzhou is flourishing because of its prosperous sea trade and large population. Since Banyan trees can be found everywhere,  Fuzhou is also named as “Banyan City“
Liaoyang
Liaoyang,  the pearl of the north,  is towering a large territory. It is the most famous old capital in the north and reclaimed several times from northern kingdoms for its utmost strategic importance
Qinzhou
Qinzhou is located on the western border. Its uncivilized nature allows the manipulation of Vajrayana to turn it into the stepstone of the Old Zhangzhung Empire’s rejuvenation.
Dali
People in Dali are unsophiscated and committed in Buddhism. Dali is comprised of a great number of clans. These clans have amicable relationships. Together they prosper.
Shouchun
Shouchun is the capital of the Huainan area and it is easy to control the surrounding area from there. Both the Chu people and Tofu originates there.
Hangzhou
The most important state in the southeast is said to be Hangzhou,  which has been prosperous since ancient times.
Yangzhou
The three cities of Yangzhou is filled by pleasure crafts afloat and songs at night. So good that a poet once declared that two thirds of the night’s beauty belongs here.
Shaolin Temple
Shaolin Temple is one of the most respected school in the martial arts. The Bodhidharma entered the field of martial arts after realized Zen spirit,  and in the nine years of meditation in the Shaolin Temple,  he created the “Seventy-two Special Martial Arts“,  brought Shaolin to the top of Wulin.
Emei Sect
“All martial arts in the world were born at Emei”. Emei is one of the three most time-honored martial art schools,  just as its following name - “the world show.” Emei martial arts are combinations of softness and toughness,  intertwined with the spirits of Tao and Zen. Emeizing！
Flowers Valley
Flowers Valley is like spring in all seasons. There are seven big waterfalls and fourteen water pools in the valley. Because of the white deers living in the valley,  it is also called “White Deer Valley.” Flowers Valley is famous for its medicine research and superb acupuncture techniques. The Flowers Valley doctors are admired by the world for their unparalleled healing skills,  righteousness and justice spirit.
Wudang Sect
Together with Shaolin and Emei, it is called the three most famous sects in the martial arts. Wudang school of martial arts is profound and profound, the most important internal cultivation, the founding ancestor of the school of the true monarch of profound Taoism, Taiji Shen Gong is famous all over the world, known as the world's internal martial arts first.
Yuanshan Sect
There are many disciples in the Yuanshan School, and it is their duty to maintain the righteousness of the martial arts. The Great Mountain has a sword mound for monasticism, and the Small Mountain has a sword mound for Buddhist practice. The big and small Yuanshan are united in the same spirit, and with the divine skill of combining swords and knives, they are able to eliminate the devil and defend the way, and their fame spreads far and wide.
Lion-Face Clan
The Lion-Face martial arts are arrogant and powerful. Although they don’t pay much attention to Inner Arts’s cultivation,  they are specialized in tough attack and defense skills described as “gold and stones breaking”,  or invulnerable.
Ranshan Sect
The Ranshan School specializes in learning and preaching while traveling. They gain huge amount of  knowledges around the world,  act like well-informed debaters with clear logic. Thay pay much attention on self-cultivation and daily healty habits,  that they can live long with less possibility of have serious health risks.
XuanNyu Peak
XuanNyu Peak,  or “Peak of The Lady“,  is where “The Thick Ice” is located. It is said The Heaven Lady left two volumes of lengendary classics on it. Female practicers would be elegant,  pure and eventually immortal.
Sword Manor
Sword Manor,  founded by grandmaster swordsmith Ouye Zi,  is located on Zhanlu Mountain. It is well known for its smithing technique and majority of world-famous weapons are forged here.
KongSang Sect
The KongSang Sect school is also known as school of the medicine kings. Although the KongSang Sect mountain is a snow-capped mountain,  there are all kinds of exotic grasses among the hills. TheKongSang Sect disciples are specialized in both poison and medicine. Their medicine can bring the dead back to life,  while their poison can kill people without being noticed.
Vajrayana
The Immaculate Vajrayana is a secret branch of the ancient Zhang Zhung kingdom. With a large popularity of powerful disciples,  it is still regarded as a hostile school in Wulin world,  for acting fiercely and sinisterly.
Five Immortals
The Five Immortals,  also known as The Five Venoms,  is a school located in Miao territory. Influnced by their extreme creeds,  the believers hold the spirit of “Eye for an Eye”. The school teaches the refining of poison,  raises a lot of horrible toxic creatures,  that Wulin people regardless good of evil,  all run a mile from its believers.
Jieqing Cliff
The JieQing is commonly known as the place where “people and ghosts are on the same road”. The disciples work secretly,  and are the best at Stunt armors such as the flying needles. They are also described as skilled assassins.
Fulong Altar
The Fulong Altar was built on the Chiming island on the East China Sea. The Fulong Altar school is divided into two sects: the Situ sect is famous for fierce blade skills,  while the Long sect is extremely sophisticated in Fist skills. It is said that there are volcanoes on the island,   that the disciples even practice their martial arts in them.
Blood Hou
Since the Xiangshu devils start affecting the world,  the evil spirits have gradually gathered together to create the Blood Hou. Disciples are teached with the magical powers of the chaos. While their minds are corrupted,  even the buddha can’t save them. The upright Wulin people always treat the Blood Hou crews as the biggest enemies.
Village
Smoke rises in the village. The simple trimmed dirt path is scattered between the fields and the hedges.
Town
A town with a large population. Connected to the main path,  it has a station.
Camp
A land that has been protected by walls and rivers with self-sufficient residents
Bamboo Hut
A bamboo hut built in the middle of a mountain stream. The bamboo pieces on the hut's walls have long turned yellow and black from age.
A bamboo hut is built in the middle of a mountain stream.
Tibetan Scripture Temple
During the Taihe period of the Northern Wei Dynasty, the Tianzhu monk Trento journeyed to the Central Plains to settle down and preach. Trento built the Shaolin Temple as a place for the world's Buddhist texts, spending his years collecting many scriptures. In later generations the world became chaotic, and the many schools of thought saw a great loss in their scriptures. To protect this knowledge, Shaolin Temple built the Tibetan Scripture Temple and copied the martial arts of all sects and stored them inside. Gradually rumors of its existence began to appear: the temple hides all martial arts, and all laws.
Golden Peak
Golden Peak is built on the top of Emei Mountain. When the sun sets, a bright golden light will shine on its peak, so it is called "Golden Peak". When there is injustice in the Southwest, all sects in the Southwest will gather atop the Golden Peak. The Emei Sect is known for its upright nature and is the first to stand up for the Southwest sects, so martial artists also call the Golden Peak the "Southwest Holy Land". If you are an enemy of the Emei, you are an enemy of the Southwest.
White Deer Lake
Hundred Flowers Valley stays hidden from the world, undisturbed by the chaos outside. The White Deer Lake is located deep in the valley and is difficult for outsiders to enter. Rumor has it that someone once found an auspicious white deer trail here, hence the name. The disciples of Hundred Flowers Valley often feed the deer at the White Deer Pool, and occasionally witness the sight of black flood dragons.
Seven Star Terrace
"The rotation of the seven stars of the Big Dipper consist of 24 points of Qi, across twelve days, in twelve months". The Seven Stars Platform is built according to the star positions of Tianshu, Tianxuan, Tiangui, Tianquan, Yuheng, Kaiyang and Yaoguang. The platform is crowned at the top of Wudang and faces the heavens at over ten thousand feet. On the stage, if you focus your breath, the Qi in your body will naturally integrate with the heaven and the earth.
Stone Prison
In the chaotic times of the XiangShu, the scholarly men gathered at Mount Yuan and built the Stone Prison. It is a dungeon for disciples who have violated the sect's precepts and those who have committed the most unforgivable crimes, and those who are guilty often face the wall and meditate for several years to get rid of their demons.
Lion King's Platform
The Lion King's Platform is three feet high, nine feet wide, and the ring is carved on all sides with the head of the majestic golden mane lion. According to legend, when the ancestors of the Golden Lion Gate first arrived in Guangdong, they challenged martial artists atop the platform with the vow of life and death, sweeping the Guangzhou thirty-six halls. Since then, the platform located on Lotus Hill is used to challenge someone to battle of life and death.
Clear Brilliant Pavilion
The Clear Brilliant Pavilion stands at the top of Mount Ran, hidden in the clouds and mists that cover it, and is like an immortal palace. Legend has it that the Pavilion contains the remains of the ancestors of Qinglang masters, and those who can enter the Pavilion will be able to obtain the profound power of the previous generations of Mount Ran.
Bright Jade Mirror
The legends say that long ago a celestial maiden descended on Xuan Nui Peak and left behind a jade mirror, which people later called 'Yiming Jue'. The mirror is hazy and difficult to peer into, but between the shadows you can see the figure of a jade woman, either dancing with a sword or plucking a string. Women who meditate in front of the mirror can be enlightened, glimpsing the secrets of the heavenly palace.
Ancestral Sword Furnace
In the past Ouyezi set up a furance in Zhanlu Mountain to forge a sword. The furnace was nurtured by the Rain Master, its fire germinated by the Thunder God's strike, infused with the essence of the True Dragon, and its coal given by the Emperor of Heaven. After three years the sword was forged, and when it came into existence it illuminated heaven and earth, the sun and moon dimming in its presence. Ouyezi knew he had forged his life's work, and all swords after will pale in its presence. In the end he sealed the furnace and left.
Medicine King Cauldron
In the legends, Qin Shi Huang called the world to gather in the palace in Xianyang to refine the immortal medicine. After the fall of the Qin dynasty, the Buddhist monks entered the mountains to avoid disaster, bringing the medicine cauldron with them. The Medicine King Cauldron was originally forged for the refining of immortal medicine, and with the medicine poison accumulated over the many years it can no longer be easily touched.
Five Vajra Statues
There are five Vajra statues in the inner court of the Vajra Sect. One with a skeleton around his waist, one with gold in his sleeve, one with disheveled clothes, one with lips as big as a bucket, and one with a pot held in hand. On closer inspection, they seem to be different from the authentic Vajra statues of Buddhism, as if they imply the acts of killing, stealing, debauchery, dishonesty, and drinking.
Five Poisons Valley
In the Five Immortals Sect there is a valley that leads to a deep pool. The water often changes colour, shimmer with red, gold, blue, green, or white, displaying a myriad of changes that are mysterious and strange. According to legend this pool is a convergence of the world's strongest poisons. When it was born it attracted the gold snake, the red scorpion, the jade toad, the blue centipede, and the green spider, who lurk inside. Outside of the Five Immortals Sect, humans and animals are rarely seen a hundred miles around the valley. Those that do brave the journey are rarely seen again, without even bones left to bury.
Lifeless Abyss
The Lifeless Abyss is a place of near certain death. Rumor has it that the cliff leading to the Lifeless Abyss is where the Qing Clan places assassination commissions. If a Qing Clan assassin wants to receive a commission, he must climb the cliff and take the commission to show his determination to die to complete the assassination. Below the precarious cliff, white bones can be seen piled up like a mountain.
Golden Dragon Palace
Golden Dragon Palace is built on the volcanic mountain pass. The True Dragon Ancestor of Fulong Altar created this palace to be passed down to future generations. The palace is filled with golden dragons, and servants can be seen wiping their statues down from time to time to clear the stains of dust. If there is an important event on the island, the Island Master will worship the golden dragons of the Golden Dragon Palace, calling back the spirit of the True Dragon Ancestor of Fulong Altar to gain their blessing.
Blood Pond
The Blood Pond is the forbidden place of the Blood Cult, and those who do not have great support in the Cult are not allowed to enter. According to legend the pond is filled with the blood of tens of thousands of animals, evil spirits, and people, and a myriad of different kinds of poison. It is one of the world's most poisonous, most evil place, into which people thrown inside experience a fate worse than death, resulting in the birth of a demon.
Cattle Caravans
Serving cattle gang is organized by the countryside footmen and become a team of merchants, in the folk have been passed down for hundreds of years, selling goods are mostly some daily department stores.
WenShan Bookstore
The emperor was in trouble, rituals and music collapse, the former dynasty of insightful people in order to survive the culture and education, and built the Wenshan Shuhai Pavilion. Wenshan Shuhai pavilion receives the world's canonical books, involving a hundred lines and a hundred industries.
Penta-Lake Commerce
Since the rise of the Five Lakes Chamber of Commerce in the troubled times, merchants have been selling goods from the south to the north and from the west to the east, covering all over the world and selling goods to the four seas and even as far as the West.
Champion Shop
The remnants of the former dynasty more than 80,000 soldiers, or craftsmen, or merchants, the establishment of the Grand Martial Kui, specializing in the sale of all kinds of swords and spears, gold and jade armor, although not continue to protect the people, but also considered to teach people to fish?
Rejuvenation Hall
For the relief of the chaotic world, the world's pharmaceutical companies together to build the Spring Hall, sent thousands of physicians, the development of a hundred kinds of elixirs, which may have a secret medicine for sale, few outsiders can know.
Master Square
It was founded by Lu Ban, the ancestor of craftsmen, and then built again by his disciples for a hundred years. It is famous for its machine art, and the various kinds of architectural pivots created by it are considered to be ingenious.
House of Odd
Strange goods gathered, the accumulation of treasures, so the number of strange goods fast. The odd goods Zhai is built by the support of powerful people around the world, which receives the world's rare and exotic, absolutely no mundane goods.
Taiwu Academy
Brush and ink can be like clouds and smoke, and the volumes are fragrant all over the mountains and rivers. There are several volumes of technical books in the book pavilion here, which is the place for Taiwu villagers to read and study.
With the "Classic Art" as the core material, Taiwu villagers can learn Fine arts by themselves.
Taiwu Martial School
All kinds of martial arts, showcasing martial arts, so powerful, can shake the world. There are several volumes of martial arts books in the book pavilion here, which is the place for Taiwu villagers to read and study in detail.
With the "Martial Arts Classic" as the core material, Taiwu villagers can learn martial arts by themselves.
