Wheelbarrow
Unicycle is a small car with only one round under the seat, which needs to be pushed by hand. The action can be tied with a rope to avoid tipping, and when parked with a car trip to prevent falling.
Carriage
Pacific car is a two-wheeled cart, usually pulled by animal power, the body of the car is larger than the unicycle, can carry more goods, save a lot of energy when rushing.
Chariot
The chariot was used as early as the Zhou Dynasty. This chariot has only one yoke, erected on the back of the animal that controls the pulling of the chariot, for control, because it is a chariot, the load is lower.
Dual thills carriage
Rumor has it that the Qin Dynasty has been widely circulated during the carrier, on the car can be added to the canopy, the car side of the two regulators, easier to control the direction of advancement, so when traveling very smoothly, named "dual thills carriage".
Four-horses carriage
"Although the six seals are not yet worn, the carriage is like a flying dragon". Xuan Che is a vehicle that appeared in the pre-Qin Dynasty, with four horses pulling together, with a cover to block the wind and rain, and a barrier to prevent falling.
Wood buffalo
Zhuge Kongming designed a special vehicle, such as the shape of a bull, so called "wooden bull flowing horse". When a man rode on the back of a bull, he could "walk six feet while the bull walked four steps. Carrying a year's worth of food, it could travel 20 miles a day without much labor.
Kirin decorated carriage
The "nine layers of Huagai, eight feet high and one foot high" was originally made by Wang Mang's envy of the story of the sages' ascension to immortality. This car has a total of nine layers of car cover, decorated with qilin beside, six horses driving together, and can be used for musicians to beat drums when traveling.
Star anise carriage
Octagonal treasure building car is the most luxurious car frame, for the ancient times, the rich and powerful order craftsmen to create, shaped like an octagonal treasure building, exquisite and small; decorated with beads and jade, brilliant and splendid, expensive, when the car is walking on the ground.
Dragon sedan chair
This car is an imitation of the Yellow Emperor "together with the ghosts and gods in the West on top of the mountain, driving the elephant mikoshi, six Xuan Long" story created, for eight horses and driving, cool all day long, Mercedes-Benz like the wind, when traveling, if there are clouds rising.
Bamboo ski board
Bamboo sled is mainly used for dirt road, snow on the carrier, smooth bottom, by the square and straight bamboo board, walking need to be pulled by livestock.
Simple boxcar
"The great man took the ink cart, the scholar took the stack cart, and the common man took the service cart. The carriage was a small and light vehicle, made of bamboo and wood branches, with a simple shed on top.
Swampwalker
"The scholar was born in one life, but he took the clothes and food to cut enough, took the car of the lower swamp, and the horse of the royal section". This car with short spokes, the Zhou people often ride in the swamp, so it is called the Lower Ze car.
Huge wheel carriage
The bus wheel can be driven by four horses, and the wheels are wrapped with bushes to make it move smoothly. The Emperor of the Han Dynasty often used it to recruit famous scholars to show his kindness.
Vehicle of measure distance
As early as the Han Dynasty has been invented in the car driver, the idea is exquisite, later people will be transformed, on a small man beating drums, a hammer, so called Sili drum car.
Four-wheeled vehicle
Wuhou four-wheeled car is rumored to be the vehicle that Zhuge Kongming took when he went to battle. The car is undecorated, with two rows of wheels, small in front and large in the back, and can be pushed by human power as well as pulled by livestock.
Wind goddess's blessing
Rumor has it that this car is the yellow emperor and Chi You war, the wind after the creation of the imitation machine, this car is completed, the four directions are not confused, even the fog is difficult to block, so also known as the guide car.
Dragon boat
"Dragon bird winding, the sky horse half Han", the Han people to dragon bird for the wind god fly Lian. This car into the shape of a sailboat, and like the dragon bird soaring, close look like the wind born clouds break, far look like land on the boat.
7 scents vehicle
"Chang'an Avenue is even narrowly sloping, and the seven fragrant carriages with green oxen and white horses". It is said that the seven fragrant carriages were used by the emperor as early as the Shang and Zhou dynasties, and were coated with a variety of rare spices.
Mule
The mule is born from a cross between a horse and a donkey, unable to breed offspring, its body is like a horse, long ears like a donkey, less sick and hardy.
Grey donkey
The gray donkey, which resembles a horse but has a small body and long ears, is said to be a species originally bred by the Huns, robust and docile.
Thin horse
Skinny horse face long and square, head and tail mane, standing and sleeping, but if not properly raised, it is easy to thin and weak.
Bull
The bull is a bull, head horns, eyes like almonds, gentle relatives, but courtship will fight with other bulls.
Steed
The stallions were well-bred horses. The so-called "Eight Steeds of the Son of Heaven", it is said that the carriage of the Son of Heaven of the Zhou was driven by eight horses to show his identity.
Western white horse
The horses produced in the western region are snow white and move like the wind. Han Gaozu had a white horse for alliance with the kings, which shows the preciousness.
Foreign foal
"Hu horse Dawan name, sharp edges and thin bones into". This horse is produced in the country of Dawan outside Guanzhou good horse, can withstand long-distance running, not afraid of hunger and cold.
Cyan buffalo
The body is green and gray, with a single horn on the forehead, the green bull is a legendary beast that will only appear in the coming times of prosperity, and is the mount of the immortals.
Sweat blood
"Taiyi tribute to the heavenly horses, stained with red sweat and foam ochre". This horse is the Han Dynasty to the Western region of Zhang Qian for the emperor's BMW, the legend says can travel a thousand miles a day, its sweat like blood, also known as the "heavenly horse".
Monkey
The ape perched on the tree has long and thin hair, five fingers like a man, a tail of about a foot long, and a quick climb.
Eagle
Sharp eyes, mouth and claws like hooks, can soar in the long sky, to birds, rats, insects and snakes as food.
Boar
Long nose protruding, thin eyes and narrow forehead, the body is hard hair, punching powerful, to wild fruits, meat and vegetables for food, the weight can reach hundreds of pounds.
Brown Bear
Omnivorous, meat-loving, long claws and thick palms, strong swings, a good sense of smell, but poor eyesight, in winter due to food shortages, often in the hole dormant.
Buffalo
Tail tip like a tassel, hooves divided into two toes, body black feet white, like dark clouds covered with snow, long horns bent upward, backbone high like a mound, although the grass for food, but swift and powerful.
Huge Snake
Body length of about ten feet, hard scales and armor, no claws, crawling, a few months a molt, or diving in the grass, or coiled swimming in the treetops, winter amble summer out, a food is not hungry for several days.
Leopard
Resembling a civet cat, with velvet in the ears, three feet long, running swiftly, with flesh under the palm, light and silent, day and night out, the eyes have a blue light, because of the yellow hair and black spots, the pattern is mixed and named.
Lion
The body color is yellow, between the feet, under the abdomen faintly see spots, the tail tip pure black like a ball, sex likes to live in groups, toe and claw sharp, can feed on cattle, sheep, deer, males under the neck long mane like beard, extending to the shoulders, while the females do not.
Tiger
White belly and yellow back, brightly colored stripes all over the body, to the forehead is gathered like "king" character, whistling like thunder, miles away can still be heard, strong flesh and bones, running like the wind, with teeth as a sword, a blow and killed.
Spiritual Monkey
The ears and eyes are clear, the arms are long and good at helping, the whistling sound is clear, the nature is extremely intelligent, can lead sword fighting, drinking wine for fun.
Jin Peng
Plumes like gold, pupils like fire, excellent eyesight, can see a hundred miles, often living on top of high cliffs, not with mortal birds as a group.
Black Hog
Body black hair, body hard as iron, fangs from the mouth and out, sharp as a short knife, both ears under the broad on the tip, shaped like a bushy leaf.
Polar Bear
Hair fluffy white, rounded ears, shoulders raised, sharp teeth and claws, large size, often hidden in the mountains and forests, can eat a hundred pounds a day.
one-legged bull
Body color green and pale, weighing a thousand pounds, every time you go in and out of the water, there will be rain and wind. Its sound like thunder, light such as the sun and moon, the Yellow Emperor to use as a drum, a shock is heard in 500 miles.
Ba Python
The original out of the southwest Ba country, green head black body, the shape of a wide giant, can swallow elephants, three years out of its bones. When a gentleman takes it, he will have no heart and stomach diseases.
Black Panther
Xuan black like ink, eyes like fireflies, can climb on top of high trees, through deep valleys, with fog and rain to their fur, hide and hide and far away from harm.
Golden Lion
The hair is as moist as red gold, the pupils are as clear as amber, the hair is as brave and vigorous as amber, and the pupils are as fearless and free as amber.
White tiger
Onyx body like snow, black markings, powerful beasts, whistling mountains and forests, the legend is the god of the seven western hosts, the main killers, can make all the evil do not offend, disaster will not invade.
Huanxin's thin horse
