Reed Chicken
The reed chicken is named after its black and white feathers, which resemble reed flowers. It likes to walk along the river, hide among the reeds, and peck at grass seeds, tree fruits, flies, ants and small insects.
Its plumage is alternating black and white, resembling reed catkins, 
Sesame Chicken
The Sesame Chicken originated in the late Tang Dynasty. It is said to be a cross between a domestic chicken and a pheasant. It is named after the small black spots on its back feathers. It often forages in the wild or in the fields. Although it is small in size, it is strong and agile.
Its body is small and delicate, and tiny dark spots can be clearly seen on its back feathers, 
Pheasant
Pheasants have small heads and long tails, and are good at hiding. If they see strangers, they often run into the bushes. Because "it is impossible to lure them with food or intimidate them with power", scholars believe that they are righteous and often give pheasants as gifts when visiting each other.
Its head is small and tail is long, and it often hides inside bushes, 
Bamboo Partridge
Bamboo Partridge is also called "slippery mud", as its cry closely resembles the sound of "slippery mud". It often cries dozens of times in a row, not stopping until it is exhausted. Its feathers are brightly colored, but it likes to walk in the grass and bamboo forests, which makes it easy to be found. They often play and fight with each other, and are not afraid of people.
The color of its plumage is gorgeous, and it's not afraid of people, 
Black Chicken
The Black Chicken has a bright red comb, shiny dark black feathers, and an upright and beautiful body. It can only be raised in the wild, where it feeds on insects and herbs. The eggs it lays are all green in color, with a unique fragrance and delicious taste. In the old days, it was often offered as tribute to the imperial palace.
Its comb is bright red, and feathers are dark black, 
Quail Tail
Vermilion Bird of the South is one of the Four Symbols of celestial sky, and among its seven mansions, the seventh is called Quail Tail. It is said that the Quail Tail Chicken has been born in this mansion. Therefore, its head is as high as a chicken's, and its tail is as short as a quail's. It is strange and cute. In the Han Dynasty, someone painted its shape on a bronze mirror to resemble the Vermilion Bird.
Its head is as high as a chicken's, and its tail is as short as a quail's, 
Eared Pheasant
The Eared Pheasant has a peculiar appearance, with a red head, a blue body, and upturned tail feathers. It looks strong, and is good at running. It only grows on high mountains, has a loud voice, is not afraid of people, can dig the ground to find food by itself, and builds nests in the dry grass.
Its head is red, body is blue, and tail feathers upturned, 
Redfoot Chicken
This chicken looks like a pheasant, but with a black body and red feet. It can cure wrinkled, swelling, and dry skin. It can eat plants, fish and insects, and can run fast in the forest or on the lake. Due to its strangeness, it's not visible to ordinary people.
It looks like a pheasant, but with a black body and red feet, 
Window Bird
According to legend, during the Jin Dynasty, Song Chuzong of Pei State bought a chicken and kept it in a cage by the window. The chicken could speak human language and talked with Song Chuzong very intelligently all day long. Afterwards, when chickens that could intelligently speak would appear in the world, people would call them "Window Birds".
Its cries sound like human speech, 
Yuanbao Chicken
There is a folk saying that goes "The Yuanbao Chicken has two raised ends, and even when it crows next to your ears, you don't notice the noise." The Yuanbao Chicken is small in size, with short legs and a fat body. It looks like a shiny black golden ingot, and is very cute. Therefore, even if it crows next to people's ears, it will not annoy them.
Its legs are short, and body is fat, similar in appearance to yuanbao, 
Red Chicken
"No need to use Red Chicken for an alliance, I'm not sentimental". The Red Chicken's voice is as loud as a tide, and its feathers are as red as fire. In ancient times, people often used it to make alliances or sacrifices. Its feathers are bright as if it's covered in colorful clothes, its spurs are hard and sharp, and its demeanor is majestic, symbolizing that it will never change.
Its voice is as loud as a tide, and its feathers are as red as fire, 
Guo Chicken
During the Zhou Dynasty, there was a special chicken official in charge of sacrificial ceremonies. According to legend, one of the chicken officials said that only chickens from the Guo State should be used in sacrifices. Guo Chickens are red and black in color, with slender and handsome bodies. The Guo State region has raised these chickens for generations and they have never been extinct.
Its body is red and black in color, and it looks slender and handsome, 
Zhu Zhu Chicken
Zhu Jiweng was recorded in the 《Biography of Immortals》. He had raised chickens for more than a hundred years, and had more than a thousand chickens. When he wanted to attract chickens, he would call out their names and the chickens would come. Later, he sold the chickens he raised to the people and spread the legend. This chicken has yellow and white feathers, stands with its head held high, and is very intelligent. It is often perched on trees. If the owner calls "Zhu Zhu", it will come.
Its plumage is yellow and white, and its head is raised high, 
Long-tailed Chicken
"Book of the Later Han" records: "There is a long-tailed chicken, with a tail five feet long." The Long-tailed Chicken was a precious tribute in the old days. The nobles placed it on a high platform, with its tail feathers hanging down to the ground, looking elegant and beautiful. Because of its preciousness, some people carved its image in the tomb as a burial object.
Its tail feathers hang down to the ground, floating in a noble and beautiful manner, 
Silver Pheasant
"The autumn is strong and frost-resistant, the pheasant with a tall crown and brocade feathers" is the picture of the Silver Pheasant in "Hibiscus and Brocade Pheasant" by Emperor Huizong of Song Dynasty. This pheasant has a narrow crest, white feathers on its neck, tail and belly, and a colorful body, hence the name. Literati often write poems and inscriptions on its paintings because of its beauty.
Its crest is narrow, neck, tail, and belly are covered in white feathers, and its body is very colorful, 
Golden Pheasant
The Golden Pheasant has a pure golden head and five colors all over its body, which is dazzling, hence the name "Golden Pheasant". It is said that it looks like a phoenix and is auspicious, so its image is often used as a decoration for emperors.
Its head is pure gold, its body is is covered in all sorts of colors, causing it to look extremely dazzling, 
Langya Chicken
During the Qin Dynasty, the First Emperor of Qin visited Langya Terrace three times in search of the elixir of life. Xu Fu presented him with an immortal object beyond the sea, which he stewed with local chickens. The First Emperor found that the chicken was as delicious as the immortal object, and thought it must be able to prolong life, so he named it "Langya Chicken".
Its color is bright, and body is sturdy, 
Jade Rooster
"The Golden Horse gallops with brilliant light, and the Jade Rooster appears suddenly and radiates light." It is said that the Jade Rooster is a divine creature. Wherever it is, there will be magical lights and wonders. People often look for the Jade Rooster God everywhere, set up altars to offer sacrifices to it, and ask for its protection.
Its plumage is emerald colored, and body is fine and delicate, 
Plum Forest Chicken
When green plums fell to the ground and insects ate them, people often saw chickens pecking at the plums and insects in the plum forest, so they named this chicken the Plum Forest Chicken. Although this chicken looks ordinary and has a yellowish brown body, its meat is tender and sweet, which is quite unique, perhaps due to the plum forest.
Its appearance is ordinary, and its body is earthly yellow, 
Sunzhi Chicken
"Drinking the water from the Fountain of Youth, the chickens in the nest still worship the Sunzhi." The Sunzhi Chicken is born in the south of the Yangtze River. It is white in color, small in body and short in legs, and very cute. It likes to build its nest under the Sunzhi bamboo forest, drink the water from the pond between the flowers and trees, and its body has the fresh air of flowers and leaves.
Its body is small and pure white, and its legs are short, 
Duke of Kuaiji
There are chickens in the world named Duke of Kuaiji. Although they are big and strong, but neither male nor female are good at crowing. Therefore, in the old days, someone used this chicken to mock others, saying "Duke of Kuaiji can't crow"; and the person, because of Duke of Kuaiji's bravery, replied "It can't crow, but can kill people of Wu".
Its body is big and strong, but it's very bad at crowing, 
Wuhei Chicken
These chickens are named Wuhei because their hair, skin, meat, bones and internal organs are all black. Wuhei Chickens are mostly raised in the mountains and forests, and feed on wild grass and mountain insects.
Its feathers are as black as crow's, making it look like an ink stick, 
Taoyuan Chicken
During the Taiyuan period of the Jin Dynasty, a man from Wuling was a fisherman. He was walking along a stream and accidentally entered the Peach Blossom Spring. He saw a chicken there, which was large and had shiny feathers, very different from ordinary chickens. He thought it was strange, so he asked the local people for chicken eggs and took them home.
It's different from ordinary chickens because of its large size and shiny feathers.
Bearded Chicken
The bearded chicken has a large head and thick neck, a full hindquarters, and short tail feathers, and its under-jaw feathers are open, resembling a beard, hence the name.
Its head is big and neck is thick, and its tail feathers are small and short, 
Luyuan Chicken
The Luyuan Chicken grows in the place where the King of Wu used to raise deer. It has a tall and straight body, covered with golden feathers, and looks majestic, like a "Chicken General".
Its body looks tall and majestic, with golden feathers covering it from head to toe, 
Emei Black Chicken
The Emei black chicken has a rounded body with tight black feathers, and it is named because it grows in Emei. Its thick comb feathers can withstand the cold; its wings are strong and can leap; and its posture is fast and is used to avoiding enemies.
Its body is perfectly round, with tightly grown black feathers all over it, 
Candle Night
"The candle cries at night, the white moon shines brightly, and the fire spirit shines brightly." It is said that the candle eats food on the ground at night, walks in the sky, and roosts in trees at night. It is an ancient divine creature. The sound of its cry can make the world bright and the sun never sets.
Its body is pitch black, and only the feathers on its neck are scarlet like flames, 
Huixiang Chicken
Huaixiang Chickens are easy to raise and will grow well whether they are kept in chicken pens and fed with rice and sweet potatoes, or released in the mountains or along winding rivers and fed with insects and fallen leaves.
It has a sturdy body, and its feathers have a light yellow color, 
Wuhui Chicken
Wuhui Chickens are named after their gray skin, gray hair, gray feet, gray beak, and gray crown. Most of these chickens are raised by farmers in front of orchards and woods in front of or behind houses, and feed on grass, ants, gravel, and fallen fruits.
Its whole body is gray, resembling smoke and fog, 
Camellia Chicken
Camellia Chickens have a well-proportioned body and can fly and run well. They often fly low in the woods and feed on flowers, leaves and berries. Because their calls make the sound of "Camellia blossoms", they are called "Camellia Chicken".
Its body is well-proportioned, and when it cries it sounds like "camellia blossoms", 
Gushi Chicken
Gushi Chickens have a delicate body and full feathers. Their tail feathers are mostly black and curly in shape, like a Buddha's hand. Whenever they run, their tail feathers flutter in the wind, which is very beautiful to look at.
It has a delicate body, with curled tail feathers that resemble Buddha's hand, 
Silkie Chicken
Silkie Chickens are small in size, with black skin and flesh, covered in silver feathers. It has fine fur on its head, which makes it a so-called perfect bird: mulberry crown, tasseled head, green ears, beard, five claws, hairy legs, silky hair, black skin, black bones, and black meat.
Its body is small and delicate, its skin and flesh are black, and its body is covered in silver feathers, 
Yaowa Chicken
Yaowa Chickens are native to Yunnan. Because of their silky white feathers, which look like pine needle wool, the local non-Han people named it "Yaowa", which means "wool". It likes to eat grass and is not good at flying, so it often builds nests among grass and bushes.
Its white feathers have a thread-like shape, resembling pine needle wool, 
Jingning Chicken
During the Western Han Dynasty, Jingning was used as a military fortress and soldiers were stationed there. Chickens were introduced to Jingning and raised in the barren mountains and rivers, foraging for food with the soldiers and horses. Over the years, the Jingning Chickens gradually grew larger and stronger.
Its body is huge, its tail feathers are pure black, 
Black Phoenix Chicken
Black Phoenix Chickens have black feathers all over their body and fluffy hair on their head, resembling a phoenix crown, hence the name "black phoenix chicken". According to legend, the Black Phoenix Chicken is not from human world, and their eyes, blood, and internal organs are all black, which is very bizarre.
Its feathers are black, and it has fluffy hair on top of its head, resembling a phoenix's crown, 
Long-singing Commander
"In the reign of Emperor Cheng, a long-singing chicken was presented by Jiaozi and Yuezhi. When the chicken crowed at dawn, the water clock was checked against it, and there was no discrepancy in the hours marked. The chicken's long call would not cease for the duration of one mealtime, and it had long spurs and was good at fighting." The long-singing chicken was as tall as a young child, its cry clear and prolonged, able to sound throughout the year without ceasing. This pleased Emperor Han Cheng, who bestowed upon the chicken the title of Chief Military Commander.
Its appearance is like snow falling from dark clouds, the color of feathers on its wings alternating between black and white, 
Lueyang Chicken
Lueyang Chickens are tall and strong, with a broad and deep chest, thick and long legs, and are very good at finding food in the wild. Local farmers let them roam in the mountains and forests during the day and call them back to the cage at night.
It's tall and majestic, with a broad and deep chest and thick and long legs, 
Annan Chicken
The Annan chicken is small in shape and has a variety of colors. It was first raised by the people of Annan, so it is called Annan. It is timid and does not like to move. If someone walks by its side, it will shrink its head and body, as if it is still.
It's very delicate, and has many colors, 
Hazel Hen
Hazel Hens are short and round, and aren't good at flying. If they're frightened, they will hide among the pine branches, and will not move with people near them. When people are far away, they will flap their wings and fly. When flying, the two wings will make a long-lasting beating sound.
Its wings are short and round, and its body is delicate, 
Wenchang Chicken
According to legend, Wenchang Chickens fed on fruits that fell from banyan trees. Over time, their bodies became smaller and their feathers became shinier, but from then on they liked to live in quiet, dark places.
Its appearance is ordinary, with a delicate body, 
Snow Chicken
The Snow Chicken is shaped like a quail, with a light gray body and snow-white belly feathers. It is very rare and can live on icebergs and feed on snow water.
It's shaped like a quail, with a light gray body and snow-white belly feathers, 
White-headed Black Chicken
"Black chicken with white head will make people sick." According to legend, White-headed Black Chickens were born in the hot and humid areas of the south. They often ate swamp mud and pests, which made them poisonous. If people ate these chickens, they would get sick and it would be difficult to cure.
Its body is black and its head is white, resembling an eagle, 
Six-fingered Chicken
Six-fingered Chickens have a unique appearance. Their head is snow-white, their claws have four spurs and six fingers, their body contains a strange poison, and they like to live alone. Eating them can harm people.
Its head is pure white, and its claws have four spurs and six fingers, 
Five-colored Chicken
The Five-colored Chicken bodies are covered in green, yellow, red, white, and black, creating a multicolored brilliance. It only crows before it dies. Eating it will cause people to worry.
Its body is covered in green, yellow, red, white, and black, creating a multicolored brilliance, 
Seven-colored Pheasant
Seven-colored Pheasants are covered in seven colors. Whenever there is light shining, they will often bath in the light and flap their wings, like phoenixes facing the sun. Therefore, people say that seeing it is like seeing auspicious signs. However, it is difficult for ordinary people to reach the place where they live, so few people can see their true appearance.
Its body is draped in seven colors, and it likes bathing in the sun and flapping its wings, 
Fengchuan Chicken
Fengchuan Chickens are often raised in bamboo forests by streams and under pine trees in the mountains, feeding on wild grass, insects and ants. They have short bodies and thin bones, and are very well-behaved and cute.
Its body is short and its bones are thin, but its very obedient and liked by people, 
Hailing Chicken
Hailing Chickens like to live in coastal mudflats. They have graceful bodies and are very attractive. There are three types of chickens: black, white, and yellow, with the white one being the rarest.
Its figure is graceful, and its tail feathers are fine and long, 
Shanggu Chicken
Shanggu Chickens are native to the Saibei grasslands. They have long tail feathers, are lively and active, easy to raise, and like to walk in the grass and fields all day.
Its body is covered in white feathers, and its tail feathers are quite long, 
Ningdu Chicken
Ningdu Chickens have yellow feathers, yellow beaks and yellow feet. They like to live in groups and are not easily infected with diseases. They are shaped like a gold ingot and are gentle and friendly.
It has yellow feathers, yellow beak, and yellow feet, resembling a gold ingot, 
Qingzhou Chicken
Qingzhou Chickens have black feathers and white skin, a body covered with the glow of gold and iron, and large, lively eyes. It is said that people in Qi have been raising them since the Zhou Dynasty.
Its feathers are black and its skin is white, and its body is covered in a gold and iron glow, 
Fragrant Qian Chicken
Fragrant Qian Chickens have golden feathers and a unique fragrance. They grow mostly among forests in the mountains. They have small bodies and agile movements, so it is difficult for ordinary people to catch them.
Its feathers have a golden color, and its body has a pleasant fragrance, 
Wealth Chicken
Wealth Chickens have short legs and feet, raised tail feathers, bright fur, and a gentle temperament, making them loved by people. If they see valuable things, they will sing and dance loudly. They're said to have the effect of attracting wealth, hence the name.
Its legs and feet are short, and its tail feathers are raised, having a very beautiful appearance, 
Yuewang Chicken
According to legend, during the Spring and Autumn Period, the King of Yue collected fine chickens from all over the country for his enjoyment. After a long time, he finally found the Yuewang Chicken. The feathers of this chicken looked like jade from a distance, and it loved to play with people. When its owner died, it would often cry.
Its feathers look like jade from afar, and it loves to play with people, 
Jinyu Yiner Chicken
Jinyu Yiner Chicken is golden in color, and the silver leaves beside its ears are like white peach petals, which are extremely gorgeous; Its voice raises and lowers, as if it understand music and the seven emotions; Its temperament is like that of humans, and it can be friends with everyone, regardless of status.
Its body is golden in color, and the silver leaves beside its ears are like white peach petals, extremely gorgeous, 
Jianning Chicken
Jianning Chickens have bright feathers, strong physiques, agile movements, and love to run. They can live freely in the mountains or on the plains.
Its feathers are bright and beautiful, and its body is robust, 
Cloud Grouse
Cloud Grouse likes to eat pine needles, young fruits, insects and ants. Although it is not good at flying, it has sharp claws, strong legs, and is good at digging the ground. Its wings are like knives and its voice is loud.
It has sharp claws, strong and sturdy legs, its wings are like blades, and it has a loud and clear voice, 
Turkic Sparrow
Turkic Sparrow is as small as a pigeon and flies very fast. It often lives with the Hu people in the desert where there is water. The New Book of Tang says: "The Turkic Sparrow will surely reach the Hu people if it flies south."
It's small as a pigeon, and flies extremely fast, 
Jiuzhen Chicken
It is said that the Jiuzhen Chicken was introduced from Jiuzhen County. It has a large appetite and crows every time the tide rises. Its voice is clear and melodious, like blowing a horn. Its spurs are long and it is brave and good at fighting.
Its cry is clear and melodious, resembling someone blowing a horn, 
Chang'an Chicken
Chang'an Chicken has "golden hairs and iron spurs, a high crown and a held high tail." It is large in size, strong and good at fighting. According to legend, Emperor Xuanzong of Tang once ordered the soldiers of the six armies to raise this chicken to emulate its bravery.
It has golden hairs and iron spurs, and a high crown with a held high tail, 
Kunlun Chicken
Kunlun Chicken originally grew on the snowy ice fields and was introduced to China from Tibet after the Tang Dynasty. This chicken has black feathers and green feet, is not afraid of the severe cold, has long wings and is aggressive, and can fly.
It has black feathers and green feet, long wings, and is aggressive, 
Golden-footed Chicken
Golden-footed Chicken is white all over except for its feet which are pure gold. Its claws are sharp as if they were made of solid iron. Its wings are so powerful that it can fly for dozens of miles without falling. It is said to be a descendant of the Golden Crow, and therefore it does not flock with ordinary birds.
Its body is pure white, except for its pure gold feet, 
Brown Eared Pheasant
Brown Eared Pheasant looks like a wild pheasant, with a yellow and black body, a brown head with feather coverts on it that look like a mustache. It is fierce and aggressive, and if it is attacked by its own kind, it will fight to the death. Ancient people were moved by this, and therefore often sang about it.
Its body is yellow and black, and its head has a feather coverts that look like a mustache, 
Kun Chicken
Kun Chicken's body is three feet tall, unrivaled in the world; It has a long chin and a red beak, and is extremely powerful; It is yellow and white in color, and it always wins a fight. It drinks sweet springs in the morning and roosts in good trees at night. It is said to be a relative of the phoenix, and no bird dares to challenge it.
It has a long chin and red beak, and is yellow and white in color, 
King
The King has a broad and strong body. He likes eating fragrant rice, and holds his head high. Nobody knows how many years he has lived, but he is a very respected "King".

