Savage clothing
"The short browns were worn with knots, and the tan was repeatedly empty. The vertical brown is the clothes made by cutting, because it is not resistant to wear and tear and often tattered, the mountain people live in poverty, often wearing this clothing, so it is said "Yan Ru" also.
Hunter clothing
Casual clothes decorated with animal furs. Waist with a belt, can wear swords, concealed weapons; back can be equipped with arrow bag, or to cover the wind cloak, very convenient for hunting.
Short sleeve
Cheap casual clothes that are more durable. For convenience, it can be equipped with pockets, wrapped waist and dungarees. However, it is easy to break and harden after pulp washing, so it is covered with stains from time to time.
Monk clothing
"Winter training three nine, summer training three volt", the practice of martial arts people wear clothing throughout the year when practicing, warm in winter and cool in summer, hands wrapped in fabric or equipped with armor to protect the arms.
Shirt
The clothes made of the above-mentioned materials were divided into loincloths and coverings. It was decorated with celluloid, jade pendant, or embroidery, which only people of good means could afford.
Master overcoat
Overcoat, the lapel and wide sleeves, covered on the outside, with a sash tie, is the evolution of the crane overcoat made of crane feathers, a symbol of the Taoist feathered and immortal. After in order to make convenient, not add decoration.
Fur coat
This garment is regarded as a sage's banner in Buddhism, and is made by cutting the material into fine pieces and sewing it into a garment; its pattern is like the interlocking ridges of a field, which means that doing good deeds is like plowing a field and there will be future blessings.
General shawl
That is, the general's armor, because the action when wearing it is named draped. The external armor should be strong and not affect the action, so it is expensive and not easy to manufacture, and only the famous general who has won a hundred victories can use it.
Golden clothing
"The Han Dynasty inherited the Qin Dynasty and changed the system of the six coronets, and all of them were just the Xuan Guan and Jiang Yi. This garment is light and thin in texture, complicated in craftsmanship, and luxurious in decoration, so it was already used as the dress of the emperor and the minister in the Han Dynasty. Later, due to the collapse of ritual and music, the system was passed down to the people.
Begger clothing
Originally worn by monks and nuns during their asceticism, they are now mostly worn by beggars. It is made of fabric discarded by others. Because monks and nuns called themselves "poor cassocks", they were named "hundred cassocks".
Cloth clothing
The upper body for the clothes, the lower body for the garment, "the yellow emperor, Yao, Shun hanging garment and the world ruled", the ancient already. This garment is made of cheap materials without any decoration.
Tights
Originally worn by martial artists, the garment absorbed the characteristics of Hu clothing, with tight cuffs and small arms often tied with straps to facilitate movement. A basket and a walking bag could also be added to carry miscellaneous goods.
Kasaya
Bad color, i.e., the color of impropriety. "The robe worn by the body should be taught that all make bad colors, corresponding to the Way." The Buddhist disciple wears this robe, which indicates that he has become a monk and practiced, and is different from the layman.
Embroidery clothing
Deep clothes are clothes and garments connected, and the upper and lower parts are one; the short parts should not show skin, and the long parts should not be covered with soil. However, some people often pull up their sleeves for convenience.
Immortals Robe
Laojun that is Tai Shang Laojun, this is taken to commemorate the Taoist ancestor Laozi. Because most of them are worn by wandering Taoists, there are some variations on the basis of ordinary Taoist clothing, often with a variety of magic tools to facilitate action.
Rich clothing
It was originally worn by the emperor and the vassals, and the material had to be dyed before it could show beautiful patterns, which was extremely difficult to weave, and it was "nine layers of brocade clothes, high platform and wide room".
Emperor clothing
This is the emperor rewarded the important minister's clothes, often with gold belt, jade belt or gold fish bag, the process is cumbersome, the Tang poem: "do not say that the body is not expensive, gold chapter shine purple robe". But the world for wearing convenience, there are many changes.
Dragon clothing
"king of the auspicious clothing, enjoy the previous king, that is, gun dragon clothes also". Dragon yellow robe as early as in the Zhou dynasty has been the son of heaven in the ceremony to wear the clothes, the most solemn; on the dragon pattern, to show the gods; if not in times of chaos, the next person must not be usurped.
Shaolin Monk Clothes
"the bhikkhus clothing color off, the Buddha heard with ten kinds of color". Shaolin monk clothes are mostly mud, green two colors, that is, the so-called "ten kinds of colors" dyed, is more common in Shaolin Temple monk clothing.
Shaolin Luohan Robe
Shaolin Luohan robe that the Buddha's Dharma disciple Arahan wears clothing, more with old cloth, old silk sewing and made, there may be differences between the shape, can not be generalized.
Shaolin robe
The Shaolin robe is made of broken fabric, and its pattern is like a pathway, so it is said that "the field of Dharma clothes grows the path of Bodhi", and only the monks who have achieved the holy fruit can wear it.
EMei clothing
Emei show robe color and luster, elegant shape, mostly cut from silk, silk, Emei disciples often wear this clothing practice martial arts, sweeping, a move view of the light and beautiful.
EMei silk clothing
The robe is more colorful and decorated with brocade, mostly worn by Emei disciples who are wandering in the jianghu. "Emei immortal ridge side, the group of hidden show remote fragrance", is the praise of the jianghu people and Emei disciples of this clothing.
Emei Pauline Cloth
"The red lotus, the white lotus root and the green lotus leaf, and the Buddhism and Taoism are originally one family. The design symbolizes the Buddhist meaning of "illuminating the Buddha's teachings and enlightening all sentient beings" and the Taoist meaning of "being in the five foul worlds without staining".
Jade cloak
Jade needle phi is verdant in color and has the same shape as an ordinary half-arm, but there are pockets sewn on both the inner and outer sides of the garment, making it easy to store all kinds of medical instruments.
Trekking robe
The clothes made of silk robe, such as grass, light texture, with a special leather belt, can be equipped with medical equipment, basket and other things. Hundred flower valley disciples often wear this suit to find fragrance and collect medicine, so it was named "Tadakui".
Doctor shawl
Green pot draped in the form of generous, elegant and simple color, is to take the "hanging pots to help the world" meaning and named, is regarded as a hundred flower valley on the recognition and praise of the doctor, salty few people can dress up.
WuDang clothing
Wudang Taoist robe straight collar broken overlap, knee-length clothes, blue cloth belt tied around the waist, more to express the natural meaning of the Tao of Heaven, is the ordinary disciples of Wudang's regular clothes.
Qingyang Daoist Robe
It is made of comfortable material, warm in winter and cool in summer, and is named after the word "qing yang", which means yang energy and righteousness.
Robe of true wu
The Taoist robe is based on the costume of True Martial Great Emperor, and is decorated with black and white patterns, symbolizing the unity of yin and yang and the unending life of the Tao. It is not easily worn by those who have not attained the Way.
YuanShan clothing
Simple clothing made of coarse hemp, summer sun and winter cold. The wearer is often tied at the arms and wrists with iron sheets and cloth straps, making it easier to walk through the mountains, high mountains and other dangerous places.
YuanShan protector clothing
It is made of cross collar and sleeveless, and is decorated with iron rings on the chest, back and waist, which means that only the disciples of Yuanshan who are dedicated to protecting the righteousness of the law and the living beings can wear it.
Yuanshan Zunshu Robe
Only leather, cloth made of clothing, can not resist strong attacks, but the view of the righteousness of the aura, the power can not be invaded. Because the venerable Yuanshan to subdue demons, often in the first place, so there is a poem: "look at the white blade blood, floating to wet robes".
Lion phase body armor
Lion phase body armor is divided into cloth armor, lower garment, are made of rough silk linen sewing, easy to breathe and absorb sweat, the lion phase disciples with this suit practice, martial arts, always feel fresh and cool.
Lion phase hundred battle armor
"The yellow sand hundred battles wears the golden armor, does not break Lou Lan never return". Lion phase hundred battles armor made of leather, waist belt hook, shoulder protection beast swallow, tough and strong texture, can withstand the heavy attack of various weapons, so there is "hundred battles will not be damaged" name.
Lion King Armor
The costume made from war armor, costing a huge amount of money, well-made, although the whole body is cast in iron, copper, but lighter than the general leather armor. Because a lion's head on the chest is lifelike, this costume is also called "living lion".
You Fang Yi
The Yubang coat has narrow sleeves and a collar, and is knee-length, with a large belt around the waist, making it easy to carry books, pens and ink, etc. It is mostly used by the Ransan students who travel through the earth.
ask the immortal shirt
"The true breeze under the natural forest, where to ask for the trace of immortality if you want to see the rest of the rhythm". Ask the immortal shirt woven with silk, as light as a bird feather, thin as cicada wings, able to float without wind, fluttering like an immortal.
Dust-free gown
The robe is made of special material and decorated with Ransan talisman paper, which can keep dust out and water and fire out, symbolizing the realm of Ransan's immortal masters who are "free from the mundane and have become immortal", and can not be worn by ordinary Ransan disciples.
XuanNyu clothing
The clothes made of plain fabric are divided into middle and outer garments, simple in shape and without ornaments, and have the effect of keeping warm and cold.
XuanNyu fur shawl
Xuan female spirit fur white as snow, soft in the clouds, is to take the most gentle fox body armpit skin made of, can "into the water not moist, coon ice that is clean", very magical.
Xuan Nui Tian Yi
The poem: "Remember to walk in the shadow of the clouds dream, step lingbo, the sky clothes bent fog", it is said that this clothing is the clothing of the goddess, need to be very fine silk weave, and the production of silk can not have the slightest gap between the silk, can be said: "seamless, wonderful together with nature".
Pyrotechnics
Fireworkers daily wear clothing, to more breathable and dirt-resistant coarse linen sewn, mostly single-sleeved or short-sleeved, the waist tied with leather, easy to carry all kinds of ironworking tools.
Famous teachers' kimono
This suit is complex, exquisite and expensive, is specially made for the famous sword maker, its outer armor is light and soft, tough and indestructible, difficult to be pierced by sharp weapons, sword maker is often equipped with a variety of large belt, placed in the pen and ink drawings.
Great Craftsman Robe
The great craftsman is a highly skilled craftsman. The dazzling and elegant shape of the great craftsman's robe, imitating the style of ancient Yue, with a sword box behind, there was a poem: "Autumn frost cutting jade sword, sunset bright pearl robe", write all the cast sword Villa great craftsman style.
Pharmacist Short Fur
The short fur of the pharmacist is simple to make, it is made of cotton cloth through cutting, the outer coat is decorated with a small amount of gray rabbit fur, although it can withstand the cold, but also easy to be wet by the wind and snow.
Pharmacist Jin Qiu
Brocade fur, that is, brocade and animal fur decorated clothes, light and soft, gorgeous appearance, is a more common attire in cold areas. Later, in order to avoid the wind and snow of the high mountains and the cold of the deep mountains, kongsang added high collars and outer covers on top of this.
Medicine King Bao Qiu
"The coat is made of pure white and flawless. The outer fur of this suit is as long as five feet, pure white and flawless, without splicing, and needs to be made from adult animals that are free from trauma and have smooth and shiny fur, and the finished clothes can be described as rugged and majestic and bold.
Vajra cloak
That is, the clothing hanging on the body. Vajra drapes in red color, the edge of the coat with yellow edges, less fabric, wearing bare chest and arms, cool and happy.
Your precious clothes
His Holiness's precious clothes are usually made by hundreds of devotees, and they are expensive and lavishly decorated, and can be worn with Buddhist beads and animal heads to increase the majesty and bravery.
Wisdom king clothing
It is said that the vestments were first given to the King of Vajra by the ancient King of Xiangxiong, and later the form was continued by the Vajra sect. It is collarless and sleeveless, with a large scarf draping the ground, decorated with large precious stones and Buddhist beads, and is solemn and majestic.
Miao dyed clothing
The clothes dyed by a special Hmong process are made by drawing patterns on silk and linen, then dipping and dyeing them in a dyeing tank, and then removing the wax. The finished garment will not only have a white pattern, but will also have an ice pattern due to uneven dyeing, which is especially beautiful.
Pentachrome clothing
The Book of Later Han contains: the Miao people are good at five-color clothes. The five-colored witch's clothes have a straight downward sloping collar, short sleeves and long skirt, and are colorful, with silver pieces embedded in the waist and sleeves, which are complex and gorgeous, and bright and eye-catching.
Sacred Vestments
It is the five immortals' magic clothes, which can only be made by the old and skillful Miao people. The dress is made by a combination of weaving and embroidery, with a simple shape, decorated with silver bells and musical beads, and with mysterious and obscure patterns embroidered on the sleeve edges and waistband of the dress.
Nightwear
Night clothes are not bound to the shape of the system, mostly navy blue, gray and black, because the wearer day ambush night, difficult to be found and named. After the boundary of the green door for the convenience of action, increased with hand protection, arm protection and other components.
Shadowless costume
Shadowless clothes are expensive and tedious to make, and the finished clothes are light in texture and dull in color. The so-called "no shadow, no trace", wearing this costume no matter where you are, you can come and go freely, without a trace.
Rotating Star Robe
"The sky sends out the killing machine, the bucket turns the spinning star; I send out the killing machine, hide the invisible". Turning star robe shape flowing natural, easy to move, outer garment decorated with pearls, silver sand, just like the stars have a line, unpredictable, is the world green door dark master's clothing.
Fulong Red Coat
Fulong red clothes fabric is scarce, can only be used as a cover, the wearer will usually bare a large part of the skin, showing the body of the red pattern, so the name "red clothes".
Fulong Four Seas Robe
Fulong four sea robe is created by the craftsman who has several years of sailing experience. This suit tight body without sleeves, water cold, can make people in the water like swimming fish as fast as action, if for the knowledge of water people wearing even can "into the sea to find the dragon, explore the hand to get the pearl".
Flowing fire cloak
The fancy dresses made of basalt and red cloth, with straight collar and lapels, long and sleeveless, are decorated with a lot of gold to show the wealth and power. Only people of high status in the island can wear it, and the disciples cannot overstep it.
Bloodhound Teaching Clothes
The clothing of the ordinary congregation of the Bloodhound Cult is made of a cheaper and more resistant hard cloth, gray in color, with shoulder guards and arm guards on both hands for daily movement.
Blood Hollow Brocade
"The brocade, mixed pick for the text, so also the cloud pick clothes". Bloodhound brocade clothes with comfortable texture and flamboyant decoration, need to be woven into the color silk during production, so that the formation of magnificent natural patterns, the process is tedious, non-skilled weavers can not be made.
Hou master clothing
By the public and noble clothing to change into, exaggerated shape, gorgeous appearance, edge decorated with yellow tapestries, waist embellished with red jade, the wearer is awe-inspiring, the degree of self-generation, it is difficult to face.
swaddling clothes
The quilt is wrapped around the baby and fixed with a cloth belt on the outside, mostly made of soft fabric.
Children's clothing
Children's clothing is brightly colored, a variety of shapes, or decorated with colorful wisps, or painted and embroidered flowers, animals, no matter how expensive or cheap, look at all have a child's interest.
Should be evil clothes
It was worn by a person who had lost all conscience in his heart because of the abuse he had suffered at the hands of the Sagashiki, and while his master was tortured for thousands of years, the garment gradually changed into a horrible shape.
industrial fire robe
This garment is worn by those who have been tormented by the Sage-shu and who have committed crimes and cruelty to living beings. While its owner has been tormented by thousands of years of sin, this garment is also burned by the fire of ignorance.
Xuan Shi Black Phi
It is for those who have been abused by the Sage-shu and have abandoned everything to completely devote themselves to the "embrace" of the Sage-shu. Because they think what the Sage-shu wants to think and do what the Sage-shu wants to do, their bodies are attached to the mysterious stone and their gods fall into the underworld.
Bago Coat
For hurting you because of too much Bago, Spiral Boat sends you our sincerest apologies!
Silver Guide Coat
For not guiding you and making you suffer, Spiral Boat sends you our sincerest apologies!
Spotted white clothes
"Dark clouds can hardly hide the white moon". May the bright future belong to all dream makers who chase their dreams...
