Inner Arts
Inner arts are the ancestor of martial arts, Shen Qi is the essence of the body, the method of exhaling and guiding, sensing heaven and earth, accord with the five elements, and even the blood is controlled, that's why it's called inner arts, mutual production and destruction, containing infinite mysteries.
Footwork
Footwork is the way to move and transfer, the martial artist uses Qi to lighten their body, change directions to get a chance to live, have the ability to save a thousand in one shot; its best can step on the snow without a trace, traverse a reed across a river, ordinary people can hardly catch sight of them.
Stunt
There are few things in the world that are called "absolute", and there are many skills that are called "techniques".
Fist
Fist and Palm are methods of close combat for martial artists, combining the strength of the body in punches and palms, and returning to the basics of the art.
Finger
The finger method is the way to hit the human body's acupuncture points, or internal qi plucking people's veins, or finger claws to penetrate the bone and break the marrow. A single finger can change a thousand things, and between a square inch, it can determine life and death.
Kick
The hands are flexible, but the potential is short; the legs are strong and can strike long. However, "the leg is half empty, and the leg is seven points dangerous", the leg technique needs to be developed by the momentum, and if you are not careful, you will be controlled by others.
Hidden路Wp
The sleeve of the Qiankun, unexpected, attacking the enemy unprepared, wounding people in the invisible, so called concealed weapons; its law is to see the opportunity, so most of the insidious and secretive, has been a gentleman disliked.
Sword
The sword body can be straight or bent, its path of rigidity and flexibility, the law just like, so called the king of a hundred soldiers; its potential can be swift, can be brave, can be neutral, can be weird, change a million, there is no beginning of the extreme.
Blade
Single-edged sword, double-edged sword, the tip of the sword, the blade, the back of the sword can be against the enemy, called the "king of a hundred weapons". Most of the sword techniques are fierce and powerful, regardless of the cost, only to kill the enemy.
Polearm
Polearm can be taller than the person wielding them, the so-called "an inch long, an inch strong". Polearms are strong. Their sticks are like a long arm, sweeping a thousand armies; before the enemy gets close, it has already taken the first opportunity.
Exotic路Wp
Short mortar and pestle head heavy body light, combined with fist palm, concealed weapons way; double stab both ends of the open edge, the body is light and fast; the spell is obscure and difficult to understand, up through the ghosts and gods - and so different, called Exotic Weapons.
Soft路Wp
The long whip seems to be near and far, the dust is soft to overcome the rigid, both with special texture, with the skillful management of the force, so called soft weapons; its importance lies in the simple against the complex, free to put away, and other weapons are very different.
Ranged路Wp
The machine is exquisite, the long needle and the short hair are all very fine, not the internal energy can't control it, and the control is the imperial shot; its great achievement, the intention to reach the object, no far away, like the arm to make the finger, dynamic and difficult to prevent.
Melody
"Music is a human emotion," the world has a magical sound, moving the heart and soul; piano, xiao, silk and bamboo, their nature is different, the seven emotions and six desires are sent in the plucking, Shu Qi, non-sophisticated music theory can not be controlled.
