Lose
Battle lost!
Draw
Tie....
Retreat
Flee...
Win
Battle won!
Spar
Spar with an opponent whose purity is no less than your own.
Parry every move
Take on an opponent whose purity is no less than your own.
A dangerous Battle
A dangerous fight with an opponent whose purity is no less than your own.
A Fight to the death
A fight to the death with an opponent whose purity is no less than your own.
HoS
Defeated the XiangShu Incarnation !
Bully·A
Defeat enemy who have fewer companions. 
Bully·M
Defeat an opponent who is younger than you
Equipped with weaknesses
Defeat an opponent whose equipment is weaker overall than your own.
True Qi overpowering
Defeating an opponent whose True Qi is much lower than your own.
Martial Overpowering 
Defeats an opponent using a martial art that is more advanced than the one used by the opponent.
Pure and fragile
Defeating an opponent when one's realm of purity is 3 or more higher than the opponent's.
Bully·P
Defeating an opponent who is carrying six pieces of 
OT·A
Overturn·amount. Defeat enemy who have more companions. 
Newborn
Beating an opponent when you are not yet an adult and your opponent is older than you.
Equipped for victory
Defeat an opponent whose equipment is overall better than your own.
True Qi overcomes Force
Defeating an opponent whose True Qi is much higher than your own.
Superior Martial Arts
Defeating an opponent with a more rudimentary martial art than the one used by his opponent
Purity overcomes Strength
Defeating an opponent when one's realm of purity is 3 or more below that of the opponent.
Lion Roar
Defeating an opponent while having six pieces of gear equipped.
It's all in your hands.
Restore one's mind from XiangShu's Posession. 
Repel Evil Spirits
Restoring the minds of those who have fallen into the demonic path of the Sangha and who are no less pure than oneself.
Be Chivalrous and uphold justice
Exterminating the outlaws who committed misdeeds.
Destroying the Outlaws
Eliminating the Outlaws who are not less pure than oneself
Offend Heaven and Earth
Killing righteous men who have done righteous deeds.
Kill the Righteous
Killing the righteous who are no less pure than oneself.
Praise of Lion Face
Victory over the opponents earns more prestige because of the proclamation of the Lion-Face Clan.
The basic
The prestige gained by defeating an enemy with the most rustic Taiwu Long Fist is greatly increased.
Practical insights
The study progress of the books being studied has increased as a result of real-life insights.
Practice Puppet training
Hands-on training with Practice Puppets...
