Zen Meditation
Zen meditation allows the practitioner to be at the state of tranquility, removing all distracting thoughts and unite their mind and body, achieving the state of enlightenment.
Temple pressure point
Ear Gate Point
Arhat Meditation
Gains power from LI16 to get more Yang Qi, with which one can get rid of cold；focus the Yang Qi in your head to evolve your sight and see at night.
Giant Bones
The head angle
Spiritual Unity\nCultivation
“Heart in harmony with mind, mind in harmony with Qi, Qi in harmony with power”is the meaning of this skill. It turns your natural inner breath out into power covering your body. You even feel some weak noise produced by Qi around you when it's silent.
Huiyang point
Chengguang acupoint
Formless Zen
When you run Formless Zen,  it may seem as nothing happened but it does generate continuous energy. We call it “Endless emptiness with endless awareness,  while you regard thinking as not thinking” when you have it all as you have nothing.
Jade pillow point
Ying Xiang point
Way of\nBodhicitta Attainment
The basic of all greater Buddha dharma. With Bodhi heart,  you can resolve murderous spirits and reach a higher level of martial arts.
Affection
Compassion
Za-A-Han Scripture
Za-A-Han Scripture contains countless methods and forms,  which can be used to clear demonic or chaotic minds,  makes you know how to solve complex problems and realize new mystiques.
Yin Yang Point
Earth Storage Cave
Divine Scripture\nOf Arhat
People who practice this method may seem think and weak but are actually strong and energetic. It is said with this exercise, your pain and illness will soon disappear,  and find it easier to learn new stuff even without a teacher.
lower horizontal
Tianzhu
Classic of\nTendon Renewal
Tendon Renewal,  said to be taught first the Dharma ancestors and can stimulate the unlimited potential of the human body.“With this inner-changing method done, indestructible one become. Illness won't affect you, overeating won't hurt you either”. 
absolute bone
Hall of Faces
Classic of Marrow\nRejuvenation
“Refresh your bones and marrow, rest your soul and let it fly. After days of transforming, you will reach the final stage”.It's a exercise that can make you feel like living a new life.
Lumbar Point
Shenting point
Abdominal\nBreathing
Press your breath down to Dantian, agglomerate energy. It does good to both outer and inner power, is a secret tip to transform your energy into Force after days and years.
Daher Point
Middle Injection Point
Twelve Postures\nof E'mei
Emei Pillar Holding combines motions and motionless steps, both Yin and Yang. It also combines Taois, Buddhist and medical mysteries, can strengthen inner breath, treat internal organs and provide peaceful feeling.
Ququan point
Periodontal Point
Innate Origin Qi\nTechnique
Original Pure Force continuously benefits your awareness, makes you absorb the natural Qi from environment to be your inner power.
Tonggu Point
Qi Chong point
Spirituality\nComprehension
Understand the nature to understand yourself,  your feelings and desires.
Five Pivot Points
Tianchong acupoint
Great Esoteric Technique\nof the Lotus
“With abstruse method to prove abstruse truth. Sit or lie in side of the lotus, filthy thing won't affect you, wind and wave won't disturb you.” It clears you naturally. After successful practice, the user looks bright and feels healthy.
Transverse Bone Point
Pylorus point
Samantabhadra\nHeart Sutra
PuXian Scripture is gentle and effective, it contains “10 methods”、“10 endurances”、“6 prostrations”、“4 unchokings” and several other steps.
Shenzang Point
Sitting-in-Oblivion
Sitting-in-Oblivion has polytropic spells, forms, shapes and meanings. “Give up body, give up wisdom, leave your shape and awareness, be a part of all, Sit and Forget.”
Yangbai point
brain cavity
Great Nirvana
All creatures live and die, the greatest methods also follow the rule. Nirvana makes you silent as dead and come to a new life. The power first goes weak then become strong,  the weaker it was the stronger it will be,  feels as if you have the long-lasting power of Buddha.
Body pillar point
Baihui acupoint
Diagram of\nAcupunture Points
The Illustrated Manual of Acupuncture Points on a Bronze Figure are arranged in the order of the twelve meridians, with diagrams and a bronze figure of an acupuncture needle, which is an important basis for martial arts practitioners to find acupuncture points and identify veins.
Punching Point
Tianxi point
Nine Needles and\nTwelve Source Points
The Nine Needles and Twelve Originals specialize in the use of needles, the art of pulse diagnosis and qi observation, and the way of clear and turbid operation, and focus on "deficiency, then reality, fullness, then drainage", named after the nine needle tools and twelve original points.
Yongquan acupoint
Yufu point
Complete Article Of\nJia-Yi
The whole chapter is the outline of all kinds of medical books, and the discussion on the origin of human blood and qi, the beginning and end of the meridians, the location of the acupuncture points, the birth of all diseases, etc. has been simplified, and the essence has been eliminated, succeeding the strength of the ancestors and opening up the future.
Yinjiao point
Spiritual Pivot
"Those who have been to the ancient times are prophets of the Book of Needles". Inner Classic Ling Shu chapter also known as "Huang Di needle Classic", the meridians, acupuncture and moxibustion theory from this gobbled up, its theory in-depth, extensive coverage, is the root of the doctor with needles.
Meridian\nEnhancement
The Golden Needle Technique is a marvelous technique that uses golden needles to pierce into the acupuncture points of the human body to cleanse the bone marrow and cleanse the meridians, so that one's spiritual roots are fixed and the spirit house is clear, containing the qi within and defending the enemy outside.
Qihai point
syrup point
Ultra Harmony\nof Wudang
Wudang Tai He Gong is an important method for Wudang disciples to stabilize their foundation, as it is based on the intention to promote qi, and the movement in the stillness, which requires the unity of spirit and qi, and the integration of body and mind.
Vido Point
Shoulder Well Point
Vitality\nRetainin
As the saying goes, "The way of pure vegetation is to guard only God, to guard and not to lose, to be one with God". The method of holding and keeping one can remove distracting thoughts from the mind and enable the practitioner to achieve a state of inner spirit and true qi harmony.
Zhimu Point
Shentang Point
Horizontal Feet
The one-word mixed element pile is handed down by the founder of the Wudang school. When practicing it, one needs to independently guard the spirit and sink into the dantian with the intention, so that one can exercise the form, intention, qi and force, so that the form will not be broken and the spirit will not be dispersed.
Sun and Moon Point
Hanging Bell Point
Celestial Pillar\nHolding
Luo Tian is the highest place in the sky. The twelve piles of Luo Tian are a combination of rigidity and flexibility, which can open the meridians, nourish the veins, balance the yin and yang, and gather the true qi, so it is named after the great Luo Tian, which has no precedence and encompasses all the heavens.
Tianzhu point
Golden Gate Point
Golden Scripture\nof Marrow-Regen
The Golden Scripture of Marrow Washing is an art of guiding and moving qi, which enables the practitioner to flush the meridians with true qi, repair the defects, remove the turbidity and create clarity, so that one's ears and eyes are clear and there is no congestion.
Central Point
Large vertebrae point
Wudang\nMixed Element
"Chaos is one, the beginning of vital energy". The Wudang mixed element gong can make people collect their mind into stillness, move in harmony with the invisible, concentrate on the spirit, no desire and no action, and after a long time, they will enter the realm of emptiness and chaos, so that the qi of yin and yang will be born naturally.
Hearing Palace Point
Yanggu Point
Divine One
It is said that Taiyi resides in the Purple Wonders, and all of the commanding generals follow it. Taiyi Shen Gong, also known as "Living God Immortal Kung Fu", is the only way to invoke the true Qi of the Heaven and return the light to the mind, enabling the practitioner to return the Dan to the spirit and achieve the immortal body.
Tien Tu point
Fushe cave
Boundless\nPure Yang
"The ancient immortals refined the essence of the sun, returned to pure Yang, and flew to Taiqing. Pure Yang Wuji Gong draws the gods together and transforms them into invisible, concentric with the Great Tao and homogeneous with nature, so that the accomplished person can have all the veins open and the five qi unbroken.
Perineal point
Zhiyang point
Fresh Breath
The method of vomiting and nano-clearness is about "vomiting first and then nano-clearness, absorbing thoughts and vomiting quietly, closing the eyes and meditating on the mind, and rejecting miscellaneous thoughts", after practicing several times, it will be able to harmonize all the veins and fill the dantian.
Shuitu Point
Chengman point
Lighter\nYuanshan Force
Xiao Yuanshan jin is an important method for training techniques and power movement of Yuanshan disciples. When practicing it, it is necessary to use qi to make sound, to use sound to help, to combine reality and emptiness, and to distinguish between rigidity and flexibility.
natural bone
Qujia
Greater\nYuanshan Force
To use force to obtain trickery is only a small victory; to learn from heaven and earth is the great achievement. The great element of mountain strength is in harmony with the materialization of things, and is in harmony with heaven and earth. Those who have accomplished this can know the way of the five elements, and understand the use of the five elements, "hyper multiplication" and "counter insult".
Tongue book
Patella
Silence Methods
The "no-mindfulness technique" is a way to stop thinking and concentrate on the mind, so as not to have a single thought, and to see the pure mind.
Futu point
Quchi acupoint
Inscrutable\nRound
"The sky is invisible, but everything is formed; the Supreme Essence has no image, but everything is transformed". Hunyuan WuXiangGong is invisible and has no phase, and insists on emptiness like surplus. The practitioner is not stagnant in things and not trapped in the mind, so he can see that the real law is only one and the true nature is not two.
Honjin Point
Yangjiao Point
Stable Breath
Seal the mouth to fix the qi method is the unique qigong of the lion phase door, practice need to take a deep breath, stored in the chest and abdomen, and then the force to break the enemy to destroy the hard, although you can get a moment of power, but not conducive to internal training.
can get sick of it
nasal column
13 Taibaos'\nIron Surface
Thirteen Tai Bao horizontal training is the external training flesh, internal repair tendons and bones of the method of responding to the enemy, practitioners with wooden sticks to hit the Torso, iron sand to exercise the fingers and palms, after the completion of the body like iron stone, there are swords and spears invincible potential, but because of the quick results, often need to wound medicine to assist.
Negative Unit
occipital bone
Tripod Stance\nof Golden Body
The Iron Tripod Golden Body is about day and night practice, luck on the table, can make people's muscles and bones are hard, quality than gold and stone, and as the iron tripod, the golden body is unbreakable, difficult to shake.
tarsal bone
Upper horizontal
Bright Lion\nPower
With the body as the bow and the body as the arrow, it can gather the strength of the whole body in one place, making one's hands and feet have the power of thunder and lightning, just like the lion king roaring in anger and releasing the light.
Shoulder Solution
This section
Develop\nAmbition
"If you have a desire, you will think about it. Zhi, the desire to make also". The method of nourishing the will is the internal mind method to store the will and make the desire, to concentrate the heart and solidify the qi, to make one's mind clear and think through.
Focus
Smooth
Whirling Circle
The method of turning the circle seeks cooperation with the circle, begins with creation, transforms and receives things, in order to observe the progress and retreat, and seeks the way of chaos with unpredictable wisdom, so it can have infinite plans.
ingenuity
Circular rotation
True Will\nCultivation
The method of real intention is about meditation and distant consideration, seeking for nothing, keeping the spirit intact, looking inward and listening back, and the practitioner thinking of the great emptiness, waiting for the gods to come, so that the five organs can be harmonized, and can know the creation of yin and yang.
meditation
No Confusion
Focus Thought
"He who is pleased, knows. The one who loses is also the one who does it. The law of loss and pleasure follows the example of the sages, treating virtue with inaction, and observing the properness of things, the success or failure of things, and thinking that the decision of opportunity and danger, so that people do not bother with words and the heart is not false, and the will is not chaotic and the intention is not evil.
Firm
tranquil
Activate Energy
The five qi are the will, the mind, the heart, and the virtue. God is the longest, the heart is the shedding, and the virtue is the greatest. The method of Sheng Shen embraces the five qi and transforms them into the body, which enables people to be in harmony with the Tao and to keep their will intact.
joyfulness
God is finished
Efficiency Gains
Dividing the power is also to divide the power of people. When practicing the method of dividing power, we need to refine the spirit with the intention, avoiding the high and tending to the low, avoiding the real and striking the imaginary, such as there is no constant momentum in the army and no constant shape in the water, so that the will is solid, the spirit returns to its house, and the movement changes to see the form, and there is no one who can intervene.
bear withholding
Burst
Diffuse\nMomentum
Dispersing the law of the inner essence of the five qi, the external view of the virtual reality, the success of the power of the power of the sufficiency of the inner Sheng, follow between and move, with its will, know its plans, without losing the reality of the dispersion, so the decision of profit and loss, the power of change.
Observation of change
Decisions
Ingenious\nMysterious
Ghost Valley Zi number Xuanwei. Xuanwei true art is the Ghost Valley ancestor himself, the law of his knowledge of this, the past view, endless changes, each has a return, can make people planning, strange strategies, victory invisible, across the world.
go easy on yourself
insightful
Xuannyu\nMeditation
The Xuan Nui Heart Technique is the initiation method of the Xuan Nui School. When practicing it, you need to keep your eyes downcast and wait for things in vain, so that your hearing stops at your ears and your heart stops at the talisman.
Shen Men Acupoint
Extreme Spring Point
Jade Bone\nCultivation
Those who wish to become immortal must first cultivate the Vitality. The Jade Bone technique takes the true qi of the Dantian as its foundation, naturally deflates and quiets, draws in the clear and removes the turbid, thus cleansing the meridians and converging the qi into the bones.
Middle Pole Point
Hua Gai Point
Moon Drive\nCultivation
The sun is called the sun and the moon is the taiyin. Wang Shu Yu Yue Gong transforms the image on the surface, condenses the spirit in the middle, hides the yin inside and succeeds outside, the practitioner often feels cool all day long and is not hurt by yin.
Yindu point
Yingu acupoint
Jade Mirror\nof Yin
The three yin are separated and united, and Shao Yin is the pivot. Shao Yin a Ming Jue with Yin to form, the realization of the true spirit, the success of the body can dissipate the heat and pass through all the meridians, and even the heart and breath, no distracting thoughts.
Suspended Pivot Point
Upper Star Point
Xihua\nScripture
Xihua, Xiwangmu, the woman who has attained immortality, is attached to the place. Xihua true scriptures follow the Xihua of the most subtle, hole Yin of the ultimate dignity, clear and silent, Zhan body inaction, can make the heart without labor and effort, God is not chaotic and gas is not exhausted.
Yunmen Point
Taiyuan acupoint
Holy Princess
The divine work of the empress has no intention of doing nothing, no delays, no attachment, external integration with nature, internal practice of the Xuan Dan, the completion of the work of the body and mind are not delusional, the true path is not lost, the face has a jade light, the body has a golden luster, like the empress riding on a spiritual maiden, the mysterious wind down the purple void.
Zhaohai Point
Breast Root Point
Nimbus Shower
Yaochi immortal bathing method multiplies yin into yang, silent sense of the true God, movement and stillness together, there is nothing to know, when practicing the eight scenes of gas together, five clouds hanging shine, such as seeing the cold wind born jade tree, cool air under the Yaochi, can make the practitioner open-minded Congcha, guard the mysterious hold a, to reach the subtlety, the gods do not leave.
Blood Sea Point
Tai Bai Point
Supreme\nGoddess Cultivation
It is the essence of heaven and earth, the beginning of all things. If the practitioner can concentrate on the qi and the softness, without shifting the nature, he can divide the shadow and disperse the form, and come out of nothing into the void.
Lin Weeping Point
Moon Jade
It is said that Taiyin Yiming Jue is left by the Heavenly Maiden on Xuan Nui Peak, and the practitioner can obtain the heart of Tai Shang, achieve the body of pure yin, and even live forever, return to the truth, unlock the hundred gates, and penetrate all the gods, so it is not possible for those who are not off the quality to ascend to immortality and have a clear form.
Shenqu acupuncture point
Xuanxuan point
Chap. Forge
Burnt stone hammer forging chapter describes the use of stones, Chen smelting and casting of the theory, not only can grasp the material knowledge, but also can strengthen the body and forge the body, is the foundation of sword casting techniques.
burn your body
refining the body
Chap. Weave
According to the legend, the Yue people "had their hair tattooed on their bodies to resemble scaly insects", so they did not see any harm. In the chapter of "Chang Shi Nai Clothing", the method of making various colors and clothes is recorded, and practitioners can paint their bodies with five colors to resemble spirits and not be harmed.
Description of color
carved green
Chap. 5 Metals
Five gold, the world's gold; good soldier, as if it were a solid soldier. The article explains in detail the nature of various types of gold and iron and the method of making weapons with the theory of the five elements, which can make the practitioner's heart and hands correspond to each other and use them freely.
measure the body
Forming
Chap. Refining
As the saying goes: "A hundred refinements of fine gold, in the cut can break". A thousand hammers and a hundred refinements, laborious and difficult to practice, is to hammer and forge, sharpening and other methods to remove impurities in the object, so that the object into a pure, clear color of the strange method.
make up for a deficiency
bone continuation
Chap. Sacrifice
According to legend, when the ancient famous craftsmen saw that the gold and iron did not sell, they scintillated their own bodies and cut their hair and claws to become something. The "Soul Sacrifice" chapter details the secret method of sacrificing the weapon with the soul to strengthen its power, which is a supreme secret passed down from generation to generation at the Sword Casting Villa and not announced in silence.
Incarnation
Soul Attachment
Summary of\nChihuang
The two of them, Qibe and Huangdi, asked one question and answered the other to form the Yellow Emperor's Classic of Internal Medicine. The two of them asked and answered each other to form the Yellow Emperor's Classic of Internal Medicine. The key points of the medical art are summarized in QI Huang, so that the practitioner can see the smallest details and get twice the result with half the effort.
Staminal point
Guan Yuan point
Shennong\nMateria Medica
According to legend, Shennong had tasted all kinds of herbs to cure people's illnesses. The Secret of Shennong's Materia Medica combines the insights of Shennong's Materia Medica Classic and the ancestors of Kongsang, detailing the nature of the herbs and the use of adjuvants, so it can nourish life and cure diseases.
Lianquan point
Medical\nTreatment
The green bag is the green pouch used by doctors to store medical books. It is said that it was given by an immortal in Chai Mountain.
Shen Feng Point
4 Methods of\nHibernation
"The sting of the dragon and the snake is to survive; the essence of the spirit is to be used. The four methods of Jiaojiao emulate the stinging posture of the dragon, which can help practitioners to nourish their qi and store their essence, condense their spirit and stop thinking, keep their fetal breath and prolong their lives.
Great Transverse Point
9 Tripots\nCultivation
Yu forged the Nine Cauldrons to bear the rest of heaven, and if heaven's destiny does not change, the Nine Cauldrons will not move. The Nine Cauldrons is a strange method to pursue the long life of heaven and immortality by using medicine to nourish the body and using qi to store the body, combining the techniques of channeling, wisdom, burning and refining, and taking food.
Sincere Point
Changqiang acupoint
Vajra-Hearted\nBuddha Meditation
Karmas, i.e., reluctantly practicing before entering the right path. The Vajra Four Karmas are divided into four methods: warmth, topping, patience, and worldliness. By developing devotion and practicing the convenient path, the practitioner can cut off troubles and attain the four good roots.
Yang pulse
Root Wheel
Internal Fire\nYoga
Tum Kung Fu is a method of meditation passed down in the snowy region, the practitioner sits cross-legged, meditating, and over time, can feel the internal fire from the umbilical chakra, filling the whole body, so as not to fear the snow and ice, not to fear the cold.
Umbilical chakra
Trinity\nof Buddha
The three secrets are: body secrets, mouth secrets, and mind secrets. It means that the three secrets of all sentient beings are no different from those of the Buddha. When practicing this method, one has to make a seal with one's body, chant the true words with one's mouth, and observe the dharma with one's mind, so as to purify the three karmas and obtain the four majestic rituals.
Sea of Illusions
Zhongwei
Aquarius\nMeditation
It is based on the idea that qi is stored in the dantian, slowly developed, and the concept of emptiness is recurring, so that the qi can be controlled by the mind, the chakras can be cleansed, and all obstacles can be removed.
Throat wheel
Ventral Wheel
Vajra-Inherited\nMeditation
It is like manna entering the heart and enlightening the mind, so that the mind can see the nature, break the demonic barrier, and come and go freely without any hindrance, which is called vajra enlightenment.
Top Wheel
The Great Sun\nScripture
The Dainichi Sutra has "bodhicitta as the cause, great compassion as the root, and convenience as the ultimate", so that the practitioner can break through the external paths and destroy troubles with supreme light, knowing that there is no difference in the dharma and that the paths are the same.
Heart Chakra
The Great Vajra\nScripture
It is named "Vajra" because it destroys the four demons and remains unbroken; it is also named "Vajra" because it is the most supreme. The Vajradhara Sutra is the highest of all the sutras, containing infinite manifestation and secret teachings, which can make people leave all the falsehoods and become the supreme wisdom.
frontal wheel
Mahakala\nGuardian's Cultivation
Mahakala, also known as the Great Black Sky, is the incarnation of the Great Sun Buddha, and is so powerful that it can subdue all evil demons. Mahākāra's protection work is based on the right view as the fire and the original mind as the sword, which can clear the six roots and cut off the evil obstacles.
Tantric Atiyoga
Yoga means correspondence. The practitioner's three secrets are united, and the self-nature is not separated from the Buddha, so it is called yoga. The supreme yoga method practices the five correspondences, and the result is the fruit of the rounding, the concentration of the mind into the meditation, to the samadhi, can make the accomplished person all the illusions extinguished, the awareness of the mind does not move, so it is the most superior supreme method.
Poisoning\nMethod
The technique of drawing poison is a compulsory practice for the disciples of the Five Immortals when they are initiated. When practicing it, they need to immerse their hands in the poisonous liquid, initially with a small poison, and later even with a regular poison and a big poison.
Tianquan point
Laogong acupoint
Yellow\nImmortals Cultivation
Huang Xian Gong follows the example of the golden snake, the qi passes through the lower yuan, out of the intersection of the two yin, stopping at the meeting of the three veins, and can hide the poisonous substance in the belly, so as not to make delusion.
Red Immortals\nCultivation
The Red Immortal Method goes through Taiyin, and the force comes out of Shaoshang, which can make the practitioner's qi harmonious and harmonize the yin and yang, just like a vermilion toad that disperses poison on the surface, so as to defend against enemies.
Zhongfu Point
Shaoshang point
Black\nImmortals Cultivation
The black immortal method is connected to the liver vein and the spleen meridian, which is used to collect blood and nurture qi and nourish all skeletons, so that the accomplished person's muscles and bones will be strong and healthy, and there will be a division between clear and turbid, and the source of transportation and transformation will not be invaded by evil.
Zhangmen point
Zhongdu point
Azure\nImmortals Cultivation
"The heart, the sovereign's official also, so any thing for the heart". Green immortal law law effect green immortal, the art of taking agile, the service of repairing the four bodies, through the heart chakra, the practitioner refreshing, floating super-easy, like a green spider contact curtain, riding the wind over the clouds.
Green Spirit Point
Shaofu point
Soul Out\nMeditation
The practitioner often has bizarre words and strange actions when running the gong, as if the spirit is out of the body, the soul is separated, treacherous and changeable, and one can take on a hundred.
Absence of the basin point
eye-mind point
The Great Evil\nBody
Hundred evils, that is, all the poison is also said. Hundred evil body dharma convergence of the world's evil, can be Yin poisonous gas nourishing the true form of people, so that people's essence is full, the soul is clear, calamities run away, the group of ghosts destroy the essence.
Jieqing 4\nImages
The four elephants are the divisions of the heavens, which govern the four directions. The four elephants of the kingdom of Qing correspond to the distribution of the nine states by the movement of the stars, the practitioner needs to walk the three walls, feet turn the four elephants, until through the wind and travel clouds, a balance of reality and emptiness, then it is a great success.
spiritual ruin
Ranggu point
Heaven\nMeditation
"The thirteen stars in the south of the garden are called the heavenly garden, the place where fruits and vegetables are planted". The Tian Yuan method of nourishing qi nourishes the qi in the dantian, like planting fruits and vegetables in the Xuan Yuan, which can make the true qi accumulate and flourish.
Acute Vein Point
12 Scrolls\nof Eastwall
"The East Wall Book House, the West Garden Han Ink Forest. East wall twelve volumes of books detailing the cycle of yin and yang, the five elements of the way of life, the theory is extremely mysterious, the language is shallow, it is said that the sages from the wall star operation of the enlightenment.
Renying point
Step Sky
It is a marvelous technique to engrave the stars and images of the heavens into words, so as to clear the mind and clarify the heart, as if walking on the nine heavens.
hidden white point
Mysterious\nScripture
Xuan Hei is the god of the north, the master of killing. As the saying goes: "Xuan Hei palms the snow, the group of things severe festival", Xuan Hei true scripture on the north, hidden killing machine, can be extremely cold real energy to send infinite power, in the palm of the hand to determine the fate of a person.
Yutang Point
Posthumous Ginseng
"The door of the call, with the class of the best. The teaching of the response, to be felt. Emotionless still, let's say in the human being". Bisi legacy of the use of the Taoist priest Li Chunfeng from the Tang Dynasty, "Bisi accounted for", is to observe the sky and know the world, induction of life and death and the transformation of the law of things I.
Atrium Point
Galaxy Map
"Bewildering geography, charming astronomy, four spirits drops the image, ten thousand types of group division". Huntian star map to consider the measurement of the sky, the examination of the stars, check the sky to see the time, in order to understand the personnel, the successful reflect the sky full of stars in the square inch, so it can tend to good luck to avoid evil, the sky knows all.
Fire Paint\nTattoo
It is a method of applying hot lacquer to the whole body to make one's mind endure and to strengthen the muscles and bones, so that one can withstand hot fire without being invaded by evil.
backbone
Turtle Tail
Fulong\nFire-Engulf
Fire is the essence of Yang. Fulong Swallowing Fire is a hard practice passed down from generation to generation in the Fulong Altar, and those who have accomplished it can swallow fire into their bellies, turning Yang into essence, hiding their Qi in the Dantian, and not destroying it.
Jiao Sun point
Yangchi point
Pure Qi of Fire
"Inflammation and light are in the separation, and fire is a powerful virtue". The true qi of the fire of the fire to refine the form, burn out the turbid filth, the light is blazing, the inflammation is blazing, its arrival, can make gold and jade into ashes, the river dried up.
Jingmen point
Divine Jade\nYang
Xiao Yu Yang Shen Gong nourishes the heart and refines the qi, is neutral and prosperous, opens the meridians and nourishes the true essence, so that the practitioner's essence continues to flow, the light is contained within, and the true yang is full.
Lingtai acupoint
Dragon Engulf\nElephant
Wild Dragon Swallowing Elephant Kung Fu is like real fire, bright virtue, fierce and blazing, Yang Qi outside the Sheng, Kung Fu can be evil to nurture the right, condense the essence and refine the spirit, as the wild dragon swallowing elephant, fire to get the salary.
volt rabbit
laryngeal prominence
9 Dragons\nIn One
As the saying goes: "Xuan Sheng everything, nine to one", nine is the pole of Yang. This method to the body's true qi for the dragon, transformed and the Royal, when the operation of the dragon chanting bursts, as if listening to the wind and rain, there is a sense of the heart should be turned, yin and yang each other, so it is called "nine dragons back to one".
Kunlun point
Giant Bone Point
Demonization
The devil, that is, the deviant. Into the devil power moves like yang inflammation, burning everything, the more disabled, the more angry, the heart fire blazing, like a mad devil, will be life and death outside, so the great power extraordinary.
a raging temper
Frantic
The Great Jade\nYang
Jade is the soul of stone, and Yu Yang is the soul of Yang. The great Yuyang Shen Gong is as powerful as the sun, and the practitioner "opens and closes the nine yang, holds one and contains the yuan, draws in the new and exhales the old, drinks the dew and eats the food", and can reach the realm of the most rigid and pure, resolving the turbidity and returning to the truth.
Ligament Point
Hou Meditation
The Blood Hind Cult takes evil as its path, with the Hind as its honor, and the Hind Mother Kung Fu emulates the posture of the divine Hind, which is weird and strange, and all the heart methods of the Blood Hind Cult originate from it.
External Qiu point
Abyssal Axillary Point
4 Methods of\nDark Corpse
The dead person's "soul energy returns to the sky, the body returns to the earth", the four bodies gradually cold, Yin Qi is born. Black corpse four techniques is a corpse to help people cultivate the method, practitioners of the corpse gas in the body, the body surface of the common black spots.
frivolous
Unbelief
Evil Ghost
Anyway, it is evil, and the scattered form is ghost. Evil ghost function with the evil spirit of evil ghosts to nourish the human soul, so that the practitioner's spirit away from the form, scattered and changed, like a wild ghost of the soul to wander and scatter, each to its true.
Vicious
unkind
3 Poisons of\nDarkness Spell
The three poisons, namely greed, anger, and foolishness. The Three Poisons Ignorance Mantra uses the seven emotions as a shield and the six desires as a soldier, and the ignorance gives rise to self-realization.
anger and greed
foolish
Moon Shape
The living are the main yang, the dead are the main yin. Taiyin Refining Form can use the essence of heaven and earth to transform yin energy into meridians and internal organs, achieving the state of nourishing energy and preserving form, non-human and non-ghost.
Yin bone point
The Great 5 Yin
The Five Netherworlds, namely, "color, subjection, thought, action, and consciousness", are named after the five yin and yang. The five yin dharma takes the five yin as the foundation and the worries as the bait and food, and when it becomes a great success, it can realize that the color is not empty and all evils are not destroyed.
shady
Knowledge Yin
Children's\nBlood Sacrifice
"The child, the human god to the essence also." Child blood refining method abandoning the clear on the turbid, not away from the dirt, attracting evil to return to the yuan, blood defilement of its body, is the evil gas into Yang Shen, so that people full of gong forget the form, through the mortal into the saint of the strange art.
lower pole
Claw armor
Evil Scripture\nof Blood Hou
It is the secret of the Blood Hind Cult that the evil scriptures are observed in impurity and become inverted. Those who have succeeded are free from worldly good and evil, mundane good and evil, and are not disturbed by ignorance and sinful karma, as if they are free from the cage and are enlightened.
Zhizhong Point
Cerebral Teardrop Point
The Great Blood\nChild
"A single thought of anger opens the door to millions of obstacles. This method is so bloodthirsty and evil that it can cause the practitioner to lose his conscience and do nothing but evil, thus increasing his power and tyranny, as if the heart of a naked son is dyed with blood, hence the name "Blood Boy Method".
Lift-Up Jumping
The practitioner needs to run through the shaking stakes without letting them touch him or her, and when he or she is at ease, the technique is completed.
gastrocnemius
Foot
Gecko's Crawling
The most important thing is the power of palm, finger, heel and ankle. If the hand and foot have suction power, they can wander around like a gecko on the high wall.
Lower abdomen
foot heel
Lighten Body
Light body is Shaolin disciples in the daily weight climbing, running in the practice, practitioners of the form and meaning of the same, persistent, over time, you can be light and fast, running like flying.
Jiexi point
The Great Flip
The Great Tumbling Art is about bringing the body with the waist, the body turns with the waist, stops when it stops and tumbles when it moves, the user's mind is free of distractions, the tumbling is non-stop, the body shape is like one, all resembling the full moon.
coercive rib
9 Maps And 6 Statues
The nine figures of the Six Seated Statues are derived by Shaolin monks from the method of meditation. To practice this method, one must abandon distracting thoughts, join the palms together, return to the truth and break the delusion, and show the posture of meditation at all times.
Meditation
No phase
Crossing The River With A Reed
It is said that when the Dharma Master came west, he threw a reed into the water and then stood on it to cross the river. The reed did not work in the direction of the river, did not borrow the momentum of coming and going, did not move with the wind and waves, and did not fall under the mortal dust.
Shen Chakra Point
Cheng Fu point
Shorten Distance
The bouncing leg shrinkage is about flexible operation, sticky but not stagnant, the use of the leg to send internal energy, step as if popping out, with the immortal shrinkage into an inch, see far as near the posture, hence the name.
Fish belly
White Ape's Leap
The White Ape Flying Art is a footwork technique created by the ancestor of Emei, following the example of the White Ape, which allows the user to walk lightly and swiftly, and to reach seven feet with a single breath.
calf bone
Unpredictable
The method is to take the right angle and seek straightness in the arc, which can be said as follows: "If you see, you have, if you move, you go, if you strike, you are empty, if you attack, you have nothing".
Water and sky need
Tianshui lawsuit
Lotus Displacement
The Jade Lady moves the lotus step gently, floating and disorienting, running with the change, walking and stopping, the use of the hands and feet, as if the jade hand brushing the lotus in the water, the ripples have not risen, the flowers and leaves pity each other.
Taixi point
Shuttle's Swift
Star women throwing spirit shuttle pay attention to "avoiding the real and striking the virtual, the top with the use of the phase, the hand is let, not collected that follow", the use of the body steps have chapter, suddenly come and go, as the flying shuttle general dazzling people.
Earth Wind Rising
Wind and Earth View
Moonlight Shadow
Thousand ponds moon step virtual and real, natural changes, its footwork is like a reflection in the pool, confusing, traces and invisible, as the saying goes: "the moon prints a thousand ponds, only this month, step on a thousand ponds, only this step".
Mizusawa Festival
Zeshui trapped
Golden Fairy
The Golden Dome Flying Fairy is a natural, rigid and flexible method, which is said to have been created by the ancestors of Emei when they watched the Golden Dome Flowing Dan and Ming Hui Shine Snow, so that those who use it can enter the air and ride the wind, not knowing where they came from or where they are going.
Needle Lift-Up
The method of lifting needles was originally learned by the doctor from the way of moving needles, using the person's qi and intention to reach, step lightly, as lightly lifting the gold needle as small and flexible.
23: Slight Cold 
4: Spring Equinox
Shadow Surround
The movement is soft and graceful, and the steps are connected to each other, so that it can surround the enemy's body like the stem of a petunia flower, which can disturb the mind.
Beginning of Spring
10: Summer Solstice
Flying Needle
The flying needle shuttle technique is about taking advantage of the gap, hand-eye unity, the use of each needle, the faster the pace, as if the power of the flying needle traction shuttle in the enemy's hand, a foot.
8: Grain Full
5:
Needle Driving
The Royal Needle Walk is complementary to the Hundred Flowers Valley disciple's method of needling and needle use, which can make the form rise with the needle with the intention at the time of needling, and when the needle is transported, the form fits the intention and follows the needle.
7: Beginning of summer
14: Limit of Heat
Snow Step
Snow plum hunting light and natural, Ying Ying like flying, can make people land silent, feet do not touch the dust, even if walking in the blanket of snow, also does not leave a trace.
17: Cold dew
23: Major Cold
Wick of Lamp
The golden marquee hanging silk is flexible and ingenious, and the intention is alive and divine, just like holding the golden marquee floating lamp with a swimming silk, which is delicate and miraculous, and under the slight traction of the footwork, the danger is always dissolved and the pain is always subsided.
2:
9:
Jade Step
As the saying goes, "guide the qi to make it harmonious, guide the body to make it soft". Although it is a footwork technique, it is a miraculous technique of guiding the body to guide the qi, which can transform the turbidity to take away the clear, help the danger and save the death, driven purely by pure internal qi.
11: Slight Heat
Flower Listen Rain
It is a complex and delicate style of listening to the rain, with no repetition, using the steps and sound rhythm of the performer, moving and turning, just like the light rain, shaking the flowers and fluttering, which can be said: "The light rain is like a dream, the free flying flowers are flowing with the water".
Awakening of Insects
15: White Dew
5 Steps of Plum Poling
The five-step plum blossom pile is a close-combat footwork, practitioners need to gather on the diameter of the plum blossom pile two by two, and into the retreat, line east on the west, then the gong method is completed.
Fire C
B wood
8 Trigrams Step
Bagua step is about rounding the steps, opening and closing freely, adaptive, odd and positive, is a set of orientation of the operation to seize the first opportunity of bodywork.
Kun II
Dry Six
Cloud Surround
The cloud ring step moves freely, the intention is in the shape first, the ring is interlocked, the steps are connected, the body posture swaying like clouds and fog invisible, the steps are light like flying cranes without shadow.
Shock 4
Sundowner's Five
Big Dipper Step of Heavenly Spirit
The Big Dipper step is created by the Taoist to imitate the Great Yu, the method of double footed, a step-by-step, walking on the Big Dipper, the righteousness of the aura, to ward off evil, through the mysterious service to the gods.
Yao Guang
Heavenly Hub
The One Step
The trick says: "two four for the shoulders, six eight for the feet, left three right seven, wear nine shoes a, five in the center". Taiyi Jiugong step is to pay attention to the trend off the transformation, smooth and inverse non-stop, the use of the person through the dodge in the nine palaces, can be false to hit the real, turning evil into good.
Middle Palace
Off Nine
Ladder Climbing
The stairway to heaven is one of Wudang's most prestigious footwork techniques, the user can step on a dangerous cliff, straight up without falling, like a bird rising into the air, straight up to the clouds, free from the fetters of heaven and earth, climbing the invisible yin and yang.
Taiyi Point
Qi Yang point
Cloud Gliding
Ling Yun Fei Du was created by the founding master of the Wudang school, focusing on gas through all the veins, sensing nature, the intention and gas together, the spirit and the intention together, can make people tiptoeing scenery chasing the wind, flying in the Taixu, traveling in the immortal mountains.
Stone Poling
The stone pile work is a footwork technique practiced by the disciples of Yuanshan Mountain by running with weight and jumping on the stone piles, which is not only for the exercise of legs and feet, but also for the meaning of hard practice.
even wreck
Ankle bone
Tiger Stance
"A fierce tiger stands in front of me, when the cliff roars, it cracks". It is especially good at accumulating leg force, and when the time comes, it is like a tiger leaping out from the mountain.
thigh pivot
Step Alone A Thousand Mile
The Thousand Mile Solo Walk is the unique footwork of the Great and Small Yuan Mountains, which is extremely hard to cultivate and requires the practitioner to carry heavy lead every day and run at a fast pace until exhaustion, and even heavy walls can be crossed and dangerous hills can be climbed, so that the practitioner can walk a thousand miles alone without feeling hard.
calf nose
Polyhair
Mysterious Armor
The Xuanjia Ding is a rigorous frame, the unity of attack and defense, the use of the body like the Xuan Zhong, legs like a cross bridge, no matter pushing, pulling, twisting, blocking all are not afraid, even if the wind rolls thunder, but also never shaken.
Shake Mountain
The Zhenshan step is a simple and rough practice. It can be practiced by stepping and kicking on sand, stones, stakes and iron plates for several years.
thigh gap
Iron Bridge
Tie Qiao is about tough bones and a strong body, and the waist and horse are united, so that practitioners can bend their bodies to form a bridge when avoiding enemies, no matter in front of or behind, hence the name.
lumbar bone
quarterly wrench
Chain of River-Block
The cross-river lock moves to take the momentum, the force of the whole work of the whole, the use of the limbs flat out, left and right as one, as if the iron lock across the river, the size of the ship, are difficult to cross.
Knee Solution
the middle of the stink
Lion's Swift
As the saying goes, "The lion fights swiftly, with the foot of all lines". Lion Fen Xun is to mobilize the whole body strength, so that a person suddenly rise up, the foot striving to walk, swift as a lion and a tiger, the unstoppable body method.
Scapula
Ghost Step
Five ghosts step trick said: "rapid as water and fire, inspired by the wind and thunder, I see its people, people do not know", is to borrow the power of the five ghosts to carry, so that people hide and hide, change the shape of the body method.
not be afraid to show courtesy
The barbarians who fled the water
Driving Wind
The Wind Charm is a unique spell of the Ransan School, the practitioner can use the power of the charm to travel with the wind, which can be said to: "sweep away the evil spirits, back to the wind and the spirit, to drive the thunder and run the clouds, the shape of attainment of the Jade Clear".
Dongchen Eminence
Out of the valley
Fancy Step
The Great Mile Step is a step used by Taoists when they are in touch with the true spirit and enlighten the heaven. The Taoist hand is knotted with a Dharma seal, and the foot steps on the seven stars, drawing the earth and pointing to the sky, riding on the platform and performing the discipline, with the purpose of stirring up the turbulence and raising the clarity, taking in the evil and complementing the right.
Yang Kui
Yang Hui
Driving Cloud
The method of raising clouds and fog focuses on the heart as the general, the air as the god, the formation of the form, and the Tao as the true, the practitioner's intention to guard the spiritual platform, the hand as a sword finger, the virtual drawing of the edict, the mouth recitation of the incantation, can make the true spirit descend, the clouds and fog.
Lingtong
God should
Fairy Footsteps
The immortal trail step focuses on the material endowment of a qi, divine transformation, can make people get up like the wind, gathering and dispersing like clouds, light and fast steps, all around the four dimensions, look at it as if there is a fractal change of energy, so it is difficult to detect.
shady and greedy
Yin Break
Divine Swift
It is a mantra of "the spirit of the spirit of the spirit".
Red Son Fu Fu
Dada without boundary
Above The Sky
Ling six virtual is the unique secret method of the Ransan school, can make the body into the six worlds, the gods walk in the void, suddenly out, suddenly gone, such as the immortal "change, flowing around the six virtual, up and down impermanent, rigid and flexible change".
shape solution
divine dissipation
Fallen Flower
Plum nodding head heavy skills and not gravity, the use of light and swift, a touch that is gone, as the plum on the snow falls when the flower branches lightly, and swiftly move.
A Yin Hidden Dec
Earthen line of sonship
Skyscraper Climbing
The Jade Pavilion is a unique footwork technique of the Xuan Nui School, which enables people to be light as the wind, soft as water, with a beautiful jade posture, the posture of an immortal, broken steps on the flying eaves.
A-Shen Hidden G
Nonsui Xingchen
Farewell Steps
The parting step is won by the intention, wanting to end but even, the use of the eyebrows with love, look forward to the posture, sometimes fast and sometimes slow, as if leaving, it can be said that a step a broken heart, a turn a soul.
children living in their mother's house
Moon into the Thunder Gate
Afterglow Catching
Wangxia eight steps of beauty, extremely heavy rhythm, walking between the turn, obsessed with intoxication, step by step, passionate people tend to look at it and drunk, confused in love has gone with it, the heart is broken.
Vermilion Bird throws itself into the river
Jade Hare Danyang
Rushes To The Moon
Chang'e moon step soft, wonderful and difficult to say, the use of the hands lightly waved, when the vertical leap up, can float without falling, straight up like smoke, as Chang'e take the elixir, run to the moon to become immortal.
A Chen hidden nonya
Xin Jin Xing Wu
Learae's Snowsteps
"The mountain of Gushe, there are gods living there, skin like ice and snow, Nao about like a virgin". Gushe treading snow to nourish the spirit, the true essence of the chemical, can make people out of the dust beyond the ordinary, leisurely like immortals, into and out of a degree, tend to retreat as God.
Azi Hidden E
Deca water line c
Lady Azure's Icesteps
Green Lady Ice is created after the posture of the Green Lady, and the user moves his body around, as if facing the abyss, as if walking on thin ice, a slight movement is like a cold arrow leaving the string, a slight movement is like a bird scattering.
Luoshen's Riversteps
Luo Shen Ling Bo is about moving without constant rules, if dangerous if safe, difficult to move in and out, if going if returning, the user is like riding the wave and coming, stepping on the wave and arriving, as if Ruoxi is like a light cloud covering the moon, swaying like a stream of wind back to the snow.
Band Chakra Point
Chikubin Point
Feather Stance
The feathered clothes can be transformed into a shape, moving heaven and earth's ingenuity, with the work of the mysterious, with the immortal feathered clothes, cloud driving, Yuyao purple sky posture, non-immortal can not know its distance, non-divine Buddha can not identify its reality.
Gongsun point
Wooden Track
Wooden footwork is created to enable people to overcome the weakness of the foot heel, practitioners need to cut off some flesh and blood on the foot, easy to use wooden organs, through the power of the organ spirit change durable, into a fear of injury attack of the power.
Chipping the toe
fixed ankle
Car Driving Chapter
As the saying goes, "The Yellow Emperor made a car, leading heavy to far, serving cattle by horse, to benefit the world". The first part of the chariot is to focus on the strength of the shin and foot, which can make the body shape smooth, as if riding a car, less hindered.
Foot fetlock
Beijing bone
All Directions
The eight styles focus on the middle door, the first and the last, the user "high is the frame, straight is the turn, down is the block, oblique is the paddle", so the potential through eight, the body turns six, eight sides of the enemy, all can deal with.
North and West of Burgundy
cash to the southeast
Tiger Hill Test Sword
The sword test at Huqiu is based on the method of testing a sword with a stone at the Sword Casting Villa. The person testing the sword needs to have a steady pace and a strong start, and after running and leaping for a very short distance, he or she will use the momentum to strike a blow and split the big stubborn stone.
Cancy
Leave East
Stardust Avoiding Anger
According to legend, when the Zhanlu Sword is completed, "the essence of light penetrates the sky, and the stardust avoids anger". Legend has it that the stardust avoiding anger was created by Ou Ye Zi, the ancestor of sword making, which can make people unite with me, the gods exceed the form, the true energy will be revealed, the body bursts out dazzling light.
locking humerus
Hanging stock
Dragon Riding
The Dragon Riding Technique is a unique footwork technique of Casting Sword Villa, which can drive the human skeleton with the power of organ operation, enabling a person to harness things with the will, moving in the air, rising and falling, without fear, just like riding the wind and the dragon, galloping in the clouds and the sky.
Shoulder lock
cast a spine
Tiankai Flowing Meteor Style
Its momentum starts like a thunder shock, flashing like a lightning extinction, which can make people break the air and fall from the sky, looking as if the sky is on fire and the stars are falling to the ground.
Dry Northwest
Kun Southeast
Flying On The Grass
Flying on the grass is a set of exercise legs and feet, waist and abdominal strength, so that people light body speed, healthy step like flying body method, the use of the person in the foot, lifting the body up, can even point the tip of the grass and not make the grass ambush.
Liangqiu point
Trapped Valley Point
Cliff Hanging Pot
The cliff hanging kettle is about watching the six directions, listening to the eight directions, taking advantage of the situation, and using the speed and slowness, which was created by the ancestors of Kongsang when they were picking herbs and opening the way to find the way in the cliffs and deep valleys and dangerous beaches.
Shatang's Watersteps
Shatang comes from the hill of Kunlun, and eating it makes people not drown. Shatang Treading Water is a set of footwork techniques that enables one to run and leap on water as if one were treading on water, without sinking or drowning.
Mountain Wind Gu
Tianze crawler
Skyline of Mt.Chai
Chai Mountain One Line Sky is a footwork technique practiced by ancient people to avoid the frequent falling rocks in the dangerous roads of overseas Chai Mountain.
resting door
Dead Door
Flood Dragon Stirs Ocean
Green Jiao haunted the sea power hair whole body, in the stand, lying down, stoop, back between all can take the momentum, like a dragon playing the sea, galloping longitudinal leap, swim in the air and up, roll the tide and raise the wave, unrestrained, unstoppable.
Earth Fire Ming Yi
Heavenly Thunder without Delusion
Stone Sink
To practice the stone trapping foot, one foot should be on the ground, one foot on the pile, alternating between the two feet, lifting the body and rising up, the successful person stomps hard and can trap the stone pile in the ground, hence the name.
thigh shade
Immobilize
When it is not moving, the lower plate is like a pile building a platform, rooted in the ground; when it is shifting, the body is like a stone statue shifting, though it is moving.
Sacral end
Vajra Stance
The Vajradhatu method focuses on the movement of the fixed, God-shaped as one, the use of the legs into a bow, hands knotted treasure seal, solid in the choke guard, out of the dark to the light, as the appearance of the Vajra Dharma, not angry from the authority.
DanTian
Thigh Yang
Divine Footsteps
It is one of the six divine powers of Buddhism. It is the method of making the body and mind as one wishes by witnessing the divine realm of wisdom, and the practitioner holds the mind as if it were empty and sees the reality, so he can move far away and make it near, and come without going.
heart empty
Foresight
Snake Crawling
The snake is like a spiritual snake, which needs to move and transfer between wooden piles and narrow slits in order to be practiced, and the user circles around and twists and turns, sometimes waiting for an opportunity to move, sometimes rising up to hurt.
Flexion
abdominal line
Breakthrough Swamp
The mud puddle is about the flat start and fall, round shoulders and straight back, and the practitioner needs to run in the mud and quicksand until he can walk and turn freely and see the obstacle as nothing, then this is a great achievement.
Toad Leap
Toad longitudinal jumping work to take the shape of the toad, pay attention to the waist, leg force, the use of the legs bent, lying on the ground, hands and feet false press, a moment and hair, bending and re-stretching, fall and speed up, so the more you run faster and faster, layers of stacked potential.
crouch
rise suddenly
Flying Head
The Flying Head Technique is a unique technique in which the qi travels in the void and the head is used to carry the energy. The user can leap up without moving the hands and feet, and it looks as if the head carries the body and flies straight up, and it is said that when the practice reaches the realm of perfection, the body and head can be separated and the soul can hurt people.
Plate head
Rotating vertical
Rope Overhang
Jade rope hanging upside down is the five immortal religion of the strange skill, can make people head down on the feet, flying backwards in the air, if the jade rope tied, floating like a ghost, like a god, can not be measured by common sense.
Reversal
flying rope
Hundred Feet's Drill
The vanish hundred foot immortal imitates the centipede, focusing on the winding cicada circling, trails like a mystery, can be close to the ground and walk, action like the wind, and when the enemy can use hands and feet, difficult to stop.
pubic bone
nucleus pulposus
Sky Snake Rolling
Heavenly snake flip is a unique secret method of the Five Immortals Church, non-teaching saints can not practice, the practitioner's body like soft water, as boneless, can be tilted up and down at will, flip and fly, like a snake on the fog, long auger into the sea.
missing basin
Lumbar condyles
A Hundred Feet Poling
The Hundred Feet Pile is a footwork used by the disciples of KAI Qing to jump and strike on top of the 100-foot wooden pillars. Because the practice is extremely dangerous, only those who abandon distracting thoughts and disregard life and death can use it freely.
Winged Fire Snake
Jing Mu Jail
Traceless 6 Steps
The six untraceable steps are light and fast, cleverly moving and changing with great speed, and the shape and the magic are designed to take the enemy's unthought of and unseen path, so it seems to be untraceable and untraceable.
Heart Moon Fox
raccoon on the whole
Carefree Step
The carefree step focuses on the outside loose and tight inside, showing the enemy to be weak, the use of the person although the hidden murderous opportunity, but like ordinary pacing general free worry-free, calm and unhurried, so often people are not on guard.
Zhong Feng point
Dadun point
Sky River Walk
The Tianhe wandering step is a step that can move the breath of the enemy and me, and the person who uses it is like a star turning, floating and light, as if the sky stars are returning to the river and Han, and the flow is endless, and the true energy flows.
Hook the Sky
Xuantian
Take 5 Cars
Ride five cars all by the real gas harness, the use of the line does not hair feet, landing silent, look like driving five cars, swimming in the star river above the sea of clouds, hence the name.
Divine Rope
Gods and goddesses ask for images in the sky and take shape in things, which can make people go straight up and down, as if they are climbing a gods and goddesses rope without seeing the end of it, and the enemy can hardly recognize my height, do not know my distance, and do not know where I am.
Kui Mu Wolf
Sensui Ape
Seven-Star Spin
The Seven Stars Flying Spiral is a set of footwork techniques that rely on the rapid rotation of the whole body to achieve a change of shape, so that people are as fast as lightning, the user moves to take the momentum, the idea is to reach.
Heaven Leap
It is a secret method not passed down by the Green Sect. The user only needs to point his feet to the ground, and then he can leap straight up without warning, as if he can leap from the abyss to the sky.
Biyue Wu
horned wood sculpture
Moving Star
It is the way to change the direction from the movement of the stars, and the user dives into the interplay of light and darkness, like entering the realm of no one and no self, randomly setting up the situation, seemingly real and virtual, coming and going without a trace, knowing the ghosts and the gods.
Barefoot
Barefoot Kung Fu is the unique pile work of the Fulong Temple, the practitioner steps on the bare ground of the volcano with bare feet, seeing the hot earth as a straight path, so it can not fall in the wind and rain, as stable as a mountain.
Drunk 8 Immortals
The Drunken Eight Immortals Step is created by imitating the form of the Drunken Eight Immortals. The user's body is tilted and the footsteps stumble, seemingly without any rules and regulations and unbearable to hit, but in fact, it is elegant and free, and the form is drunken and awake.
Qianjin
Kuntu
Dragon Tail
It is commonly said that the dragon has scales of rebellion and those who touch it will die. The dragon's tail swing is about the power of the lower plate, sudden and sudden, the user is thunderous, the rise and fall of the hidden force, like the divine dragon swinging tail, fierce tiger parrying people.
Dragon Leap
"Angry waves stack the silver sea, Fulong leaps across the waves". Fulong leaps with a low posture, using the real without the imaginary, when running the power, need the whole body force, do not leave room, between the longitudinal leap, only to see the wind and waves, power cascade constantly.
Wind Fire Stance
Wind and fire true shape trick is about "wind and fire without constant momentum, with me to show the true shape", this trick can not be harnessed unless the internal force is pure, the user can call the power of wind and fire, a leap into the air, the eyes can not reach.
Drunk Lying In The East Sea
Drunkenness in the East Sea is about false guard and real development, taking the momentum by lying down, using the person's steps like pouring, walking like flying clouds, hiding the law in the drunkenness, unrestrained and wild, it can be said: "the earth turns to the fierce wind, the sky back to the main pillar pouring, drunken drinking under the torrent, the sea day meditation".
Off fire
Kanshui
Fox Move
Ravens scurrying art is a door in the actual battle of the art of escape, the use of a leap up, feet running wildly, left and right, not a moment to look back.
raccoon shrinkage
scamper off
Tomb Escape
"Break the grave and dig the earth to know the birthplace, borrow the ground and escape death". The grave is easy to learn and difficult to master, when using it, you need to move your whole body, use all four bodies, raise the sand with your feet and dig the ground with your hands.
digging
vanish from the land
Ghost Move
As the saying goes: "Essence is the thing, the wandering soul is the change". The wandering soul tricky step eerie and treacherous, unpredictable, the use of the four body cold, pale, moving then Yin wind, like a ghost at night, daytime wandering soul.
standing rigidly
Shift shape
Ghost Hou's Rage
The hawk is a thing, the spirit of the earth. When executing the Ghost Hollow Earthquake method, you need to first insert your hands and feet into the ground to take the energy from the ground, and then spin your body and leap up to send the force of stirring the sky and pounding the ground, which is difficult to resist.
popliteal fossa
Flying Zombies
Flying corpse Nuo dance originally for the dance of the sacrifice of the hawk, the dancers if crazy, not like a living person, no terror in the heart, but also no awareness, not to follow the normal reasoning and move, so it can send out strange power.
stunning
God of Chaos
Lying Beside Tiger
Crouching Tiger Kung Fu is the outer strength of the Shaolin school, practitioners need to torso in the air, hands and feet on the ground, the shape of the tiger, or flex or stretch, and even gas surge force, the five bodies hide strength, even by the sword body can easily resist.
Arki
Share岐
18 Rollings
The Eighteen Falls of Clothes is a technique of grappling and wrestling, because its mastery can take advantage of the momentum and borrow the force, and even eliminate with the fight, in a turn of the elbow, a drop of the knee to make the opponent clothe and fall, so the name.
Flashing and moving
Ride the momentum
Heavy Stance
Thousand jin fall, the waist and abdomen in the force, qi sinking, transport this work, can make the body does not move, the feet do not move, as a thousand pounds of boulders, difficult to shake.
Iron Skin
Practice the bronze man method, need to be infused with true qi in the limbs and bones, and then experience a thousand times a hard object to hit, in order to make the flesh as strong as bronze, the potential can not be penetrated.
Heavenly Court
Golden Bell Sheild
Although it is extremely difficult to practice, it can eliminate the dead points around the body and make the muscles and bones, blood and flesh as solid and stable as a golden bell.
Arhat's Stick Formation
The small Luohan stick formation is born from the Shaolin 18 Luohan formation, which is created by the monks who protect the temple, and the formation is in succession, circulating endlessly, shaped like a vajra treasure circle, unbreakable.
The square circle does not move
Heavy as a mountain
Buddhism Lion Roar
"The great sound of the Buddha's dharma is destroyed by all foreigners. Like the roar of the master, all the beasts are terrified". The Buddha's lion's roar needs to be based on pure internal strength, and its sound is like a bang on the head and a thunderstorm, which can deafen and deafen and deter evil.
Tian Ding Cave
Mixed Element In One
The hybrid element is the beginning of creation before heaven and earth are divided. The hybrid element a qi kung fu is a combination of rigidity and flexibility, yin and yang, the messenger can create a three-foot wall of qi in front of his body, eliminating all the energy in the invisible.
Qi Tou point
Vajra Defence
Golden body protection divine skill is the first of the seventy-two Shaolin techniques, gong into the empty state of mind, body like fine gold, can be invisible astral envelope the whole body, regardless of knife chopping, axe chopping, gun stabbing, falling stones, car crushing can not hurt its hairs, move its inch.
Emei Tiger Step
Emei Tiger Stance is a method of "rounding the body, collecting and releasing hidden energy, tumbling like a dragon and moving like a tiger", which is a way to use the movement of the steps to nourish the body and mind and strengthen the body.
Unintentional Mind
It is said that if a practitioner can achieve the state of "no attachment, no attachment", he or she can achieve the state of no move is better than a move.
One Mind, Two Uses
Separation of actions and thoughts
Multifarious
This method is created by the ancestor of Emei for the purpose of combining the essence of various sects of gong methods, and the contents are so complicated and numerous that it is difficult for ordinary people to learn them all.
Use all five elements
The eight laws are born together
Boneless Stance
The method of "Bone Free" emphasizes the stretching of the body and the flexibility of the stance.
crutch bone
Quiet Return In One
"The one who is clear and quiet is the most virtuous; the one who is invisible is also the one". The method of clearing and quieting to one, no action, no work, no competition with all things, so all the qi force can not be applied to it.
Italian Clarity
Divine Void
4 Images of Lotus Formation
The Four Elephants Lotus Formation takes the image of lotus, which is profound and subtle. The formers stand in four directions, the true qi is connected, the distracting thoughts can be eliminated, all the omissions can be exhausted, just like the lotus flower, the body is pure and not stained.
circle and go through
This extinguishes and this creates
Immortal Yang's Golden Body
"Yang Xian Gong, the world does not know his longevity, can enter the mountains and tigers and leopards fight play, to tame and go". According to legend, this method can take advantage of the Yang Xian Gong's power, the operator can fight and devour in the waves, on top of the dangerous mountain, the body is indestructible, no one can destroy.
Thigh Pass Point
Qi She point
Seven-Star Cross Chain
"The seven stars of the Big Dipper are in the north of Tai Wei, the pivot of the seven governments, and the origin of yin and yang. According to legend, the seven stars are also the response of the seven spirits, and the seven stars cross the chain is the arrival of the heavenly machine, and the seven spirits are connected with each other, then the fate of the destiny has been achieved.
Epigastric point
Purple Palace Point
Holy Light Inspiration
"The spiritual mountain hides spiritual wisdom, the Taoist seeks the truth of the Tao, the righteousness bears the right fruit, the sage enlightens the holy lamp". This technique has the spirit of heaven and earth and the wonders of creation, which can enlighten the true virtue, soothe all beings, and dispel a thousand kinds of demons and all kinds of sufferings.
36 Moves of Needle Change
The 36 Hands Easy Needle Technique focuses on "hiding needles in fingers, waiting for the time to move", with 36 variations of hiding, changing, closing and holding.
Hidden Needle
Easy Needle
Net Clothes
The method of purifying clothes to ward off evil, said "clean body to avoid harm, evil does not fall", is to cleanse oneself with Dantian true qi, so as to drive away evil spirits, to resist poisonous harm of the method.
Herb Moxibustion
The needle is then applied to the meridian points of the human body with a unique technique of pecking like a sparrow, so that the turbid air will disappear when it meets it, as if it were ice, which is the method of pecking.
suddenly approaching and distant
It seems like burning some ice
Mixed Needle
Chaotic acupuncture points is a unique method of using needles in Hundred Flowers Valley, can take multiple points with one needle, a Qi rush several levels, can be said to be right in the chaos, dangerous in the life, so it is difficult for those who are not skilled in medicine to perform.
messy cave
troubled veins
Yinyang Reverse
Qi is divided into clear and turbid, and the veins have yin and yang. The method of reversing the yin and yang veins can reverse the flow of qi and blood in a short period of time, turning injuries and harm into blessings and benefits, without being injured by the reversal of qi and blood.
Gingival Crossing Point
Shifting of 12 Meridians
The world's acupuncture points and cut off the pulse of the method, all fixed meridian flow, camping and health running trend as the basis, but the twelve meridians can be changed in a moment, transferring the meridian, it is difficult to understand, it is difficult to do.
Tianjing point
8 Doors of Live Or Dead
"The eight gates of life and death are divided into eight gates, and the eight gates are divided into yin and yang. The Eight Gates of Life and Death method is based on the flow of the Qi meridians and the operation of the eight veins. The practitioner can turn adversity into smoothness, turn danger into safety, and heal injuries by the power of Qi and blood rushing chaos, thus setting up a place of death.
Juqui acupoint
Ice Condensate of Blood
The Sea of Blood is the source of blood energy, and its point is in the abdomen. The Blood Sea Ice Condensation Technique can bring the poison around the body into the Sea of Qi and condense it into ice, thus protecting the veins so that the poison will not travel and harm the body.
Dabao Point
Perfect Unbreakable
"The way of the five viscera is to move blood and qi. If the five qi are not in harmony, all diseases will arise. The method of the unbreakable jade can combine the five bloods into one blood, and transform the five qi into one qi, and this eliminates the other helps, and this deficiency makes up for the other, so that it is like an ocean, with no deficiency and no leakage, and no deficiency.
Wudang Iron Clothes
Wudang Iron Cloth Shirt is a combination of internal and external cultivation, yin and yang, both the art of guiding and exhaling, as well as horizontal practice of external strength, focusing on the intention to guard the Dantian, with the momentum off the transformation of soft into rigid, turning rigid into soft.
Sword Formation of The 3 Elements
Heaven, earth and man are called the Three Talents. The three talents sword formation is shaped like the character "Pin", which alludes to the "I Ching" theory of the three creatures, the guardian of the formation needs to follow the position and move, randomly and hair, back and forth response, each other as horns.
scattered gatherings and slow knots
Flowing water and clouds
Cloud Bed
As the saying goes, "Fire is performed in the stillness, and the rejuvenating elixir is formed in the stillness". Cloud Bed Nine Practices is a Taoist gongfu method that takes the spirit as the medicine and the stillness as the fire, which makes people concentrate their mind and purify their thoughts and concentrate on their qi to make them soft during sleep.
Chengshan point
Yinyang Recycle
The heart and mind are still and moving, which is called Yin and Yang; the circulation of essence is called the Zhoutian. As the saying goes: "Once the circumference of the sky is clear, all diseases will not arise. The method of Yin and Yang Circumference can guide the true qi and unblock the qi and blood, which is the basis of internal meditation.
Dadu Point
5 Qi In One
Five Qi Chao Yuan Gong is a Taoist method of cultivating the five Qi in the body and achieving the inner elixir. The practitioner does not see, hear, speak, hear, or move, so that the spirit is kept within and the mind does not follow things, turning the five qi into one, returning seven to nine, and becoming a jade elixir.
Tongtian point
True Art Demon Slaying
Zhenwu Demon Dangling Formation takes the law of heaven and earth, the formation is rigorous, its shape is in line with the image of the Big Dipper, which can be clearly divided into the calendar discipline, the pro system in all directions, its potential is vast and powerful, awe-inspiring, can make the evil spirits far away, the power is far away.
Guiyueyan
Doumu Xie
Endless Power
"Yin and Yang, the one and the same. Taiji is also Wuji". There is no definite form and no definite style of Wuji strength, and its method is "soft and weak to win over strong, safe and smooth to fix the chaos, and follow the rules to adapt, always after and compete with the first".
use softness to conquer strength
four taels and a thousand pounds
3 Flower On Top
"The three elements of God, Qi and Essence are the same root as heaven and earth, and the same body as all things. After the practitioner has refined the essence into qi, refined qi into god, and refined god back to the void, the three flowers will be born and the three yang will be gathered together, then it will be called "San Hua Ju Deng", and it will become the realm of saintly and bright.
9 Rollings
The nine rolls and eighteen falls are about rolling and falling together, following the trend, and the practitioner needs to continuously fall and roll in all directions on the sand and mountain slopes until he is not afraid of the enemy and does not get hurt when he falls to the ground, then this technique will be completed.
grounded
Rolling dust
Sword Or Blade
The method of both knife and sword focuses on the "knife for the shape of the sword, the sword trend", and the messenger can integrate the fierceness of the knife and the agility of the sword into one, so that they complement each other and change.
likeness
meaning
Yuanshan 7 Formations
Yuanshan Seven Deadly Formation, is the unity of force, a forward, the formation of the law is strict, with the same advance and retreat, scattered like a star fire to start a prairie, gather if the sword to remove the demon.
Punch Yoke Chain
Straight and narrow
Golden Blade Fist
"The cave is not bound by the intention of the golden lock, and there is no system to go and come back". The Golden Blade for Palm is practiced in the Golden Blade Formation where the knives hang upside down. The practitioner does not use external force, but only resists with the palm of the flesh, and over time, he can achieve the realm of "recognizing the momentum of the knives and not getting hurt".
Flashing up and down
dip in the palm of your hand and pass
Sakyamuni Elephant Throwing
According to legend, when Sakyamuni was a prince, he threw an elephant into the sky, and after three days, the elephant fell to the ground. The elephant-throwing technique is based on Taoism and hard work, and it can make the body and mind complete and burst with great power.
Semen
Arm bone
Divine Mysterious
Taibu is the master of the three omens, the three changes, and the three dreams, and is the master of divination for the Son of Heaven. The mystery of Tai Divination is subtle and refined, which is handed down by ancient diviners, and can help people understand the movement of directions, the fortune of coming and going, and the changes of death and life.
Earth Wind Hop
Heavenly Fire Combination
Ultra Alpha Reflection
"In the beginning there was nothing, and there was nothing without a name. The origin of one, there is one but not yet formed". The beginning of the return of the Tibetan know-how is not exhausted, the law does not need to be complete, but through the beginning of all things, into the beginning of a gas, the practitioner can become the unaccomplished work, into the infinite, the back of the indestructible.
Mizuki
Yamaginho
Iron Head of Lion Phase
The lion phase iron head kung fu needs to hit the head with a hard object in order to practice, this kung fu can make a person's head as hard as iron, swords and spears can not enter, but the beginner without true qi protection, it is inevitable that the head is broken and bleeding.
top
Comrade Service
As the saying goes: "Soldiers have heard of clumsy speed, but have not seen the ingenuity of the long time". Soldiers heard of the clumsy speed to focus on "to win with speed, without the use of ingenuity, attack and will take, the movement is not confused", is not only the use of military law, but also the way to survive.
Rolling armor
Electricity to
lose rigidity and gain flexibility
"To trap the enemy's momentum, not to fight; to lose rigidity and gain flexibility". It is a horizontal training method of the lion-phase door to protect the softness with rigidity and respond to the emptiness with reality.
Overlord's Tripot Lifting
The king lifts the tripod, which is fierce and unmatched, is the method of the lion's phase door, and the practitioner's force starts from the tendons, and the section is strong, lifting the weight as if it were light, brave and overpowering, like the king pulling up the mountain.
radius (anatomy)
Lion Roar
Lion whistling power is amazing, need to use the momentum of the disabled and issued, the operator of the power to draw the utterance of a long whistle, vaguely like thunder, if performed by a person with strong internal force, there are echoes for miles away, the hearers are horrified.
curved cheek
Overlord's Armor Absorb
"Resist the addition of soldiers, the mourner wins". According to legend, the King of Hegemony unarmor work was created by Xiang Yu, the King of Western Chu, in a desperate situation, is in the battle formation of nine deaths, sacrificing life to death, there is no return to the method of fighting for life.
Brawn
5 Ghosts Handling
The five ghosts carrying method is a Taoist spell, the recipe says: "mountain dragon Lianzhen has the direction, water dragon huge door see water", the practitioner needs to purify the heart and sincerity, with a spiritual talisman as a guide, to invite the five ghosts, so that there is nothing to change, in order to change the reality.
Mountain Dragon
Water Dragon
Vision Enhanced
"One is long-eyed, two is flying ears, three is tree bright". This work is the Ransan school of distant vision, listening, defending the thought of the work, the work of the five senses clear, can know a thousand miles away, hidden in the micro, so called "long eyes and flying ears work".
Shimonoseki Point
Chengyu Point
Yinyang Eye
The Yin-Yang Eye Technique is both real and illusory, and is very mysterious. Practitioners can infuse their true qi into their eyes, causing people to become confused and have a sense of yin and yang confusion and dissipation.
The Great Dementor
As the saying goes, "Taiyi guards the skeleton, Tai Shang regulates the soul". The Soul Revealing Technique uses the talismanic diagram as a guide and the incantation as a supplement, which is an esoteric heart technique to detain the human soul with the power of the gods and eliminate ghosts and demons.
hang a soul
detain a soul
Formation of 6 Men 6 Armor
The trick says: "the upper should be the Big Dipper, the lower to ward off inauspicious, ten thousand essence aversion ambush, the direction of no calamity". Six ding and six armor formation is the unique magic of the Ransan school, the practitioner can summon the heavenly soldiers to protect the law, the wind and thunder, the service of a hundred gods.
critical
Yukon
Spell of Heavenly Spirit
The incantation of the Heavenly Dipper is a powerful incantation, which can help the practitioner to be chaste and white inside and outside, and eliminate evil spirits.
Elephant Imitation
"Words have an image, things have a ratio. It has an elephant than, to view the next". Elephant simulation than turn work is the ancestor of the Ghost Valley created, the law of its desire to take anti and, want to real anti virtual, can be invisible to seek a sound, to do nothing and to do nothing.
Thousands Incarnation Return
"The sage is also the first of all beings in heaven and earth. The sage is the first to observe the opening and closing of the yin and yang in order to order things, to plan the end and beginning of all kinds of things, and to guard the gateway to them. The method of the return of all things to the past and the return of all things to the future, following the way of the sage, can bring all things back to their original.
Chemical
God of Transformation
Pure Virgin
The method of ice and jade purity, said: "hold the body, practice essence and nourish the will", is to enable people to nourish the essence of the spirit, through the heaven and earth, so that the appearance of clear posture, demeanor off the beaten track Xuan female school of strange techniques.
Yin Qie Point
Reclamation Stance
"The bird of Jingwei flies to the west, and the eastern sea is not filled". Although there are only four variations of the Jingwei reclamation style, namely, articulation, throwing, rising, and falling, it is difficult to solve all of them, as Jingwei moves mountains and seas back and forth and continues to do so.
Shunfu
inverse complex
Dark Jade Practice
Ink jade, the more black and more valuable, although black and does not change its purity. This work starts under the central pole and ends between the heart, is to lead the Xuan Yin true qi back to the house of the hundred gods, can fix the heart and concentrate the mind, turn miscellaneous thoughts into true thoughts.
Shi Men Cave
Formation of Scattered Flowers
The Tianmu Scattering Flower Formation is about "wandering and pulling, moving with the wind, coming and going at will, floating without a trace", the viewer is often enchanted, as if in the cloud palace immortal palace, so much so that they do not know the distance, forgetting the reality.
bewitched and disoriented
Nothing to hide
Rainbow Fairy Dress
Xiashu immortal clothing method of emptiness and naturalness, tantalizing the existence of the true, the operator of the work of leading the bright light for the track, condensing the clear air for the clothing, such as can ride the wind and whisk the clouds, at will to come and go, it is: "under the slaughter of orchids and cypress, on the brush feather cover, ethereal Huhuhu, if the gods of the imitation of Buddha.
Mirror Flower Water Moon
"Once the lofty pillars are destroyed, the water and moon are mirrored, and there is no mind to go". The method of mirroring the water and moon can turn the mind into a mirror, reflecting thousands of thoughts, mixing reality with reality, making people confused and at a loss for words.
Not true
Non-fake
Stance of Nuwa's Sky-Mending
The Nüwa Mending Style uses the sea of qi as chaos and the chakras as yin and yang, which can harmonize with the clear and turbid, stop the evil, revive the vitality and stop the harm, and has the power to mend the heavens and correct the four extremes.
Skillful Hands
"A gentleman is not different in nature, but good at pretending to be something". Seven hands and eight feet work is created by the craftsman, can use the momentum of the artifacts into my mighty wind, follow the artifacts of the benefit to help me come and go, the more artifacts you carry, the more convenient.
alternate
and use
Wooden Armor
Wooden armor protection method is one of the Casting Sword Villa's protection methods. Those who want to practice this method need to set numerous small organs on their torsos, so as to remove the force and protect their bodies when they encounter enemies.
scapular
belly bandage
14 Methods of Real Steel
The 14 techniques are practiced by the craftsmen when they repeatedly hammer and carve the objects. The practitioners can detect the weaknesses and gaps of the objects from the sound of their impact and waving, and use their weaknesses to make my strengths.
Ear Wires
grounded listening
Mechanical Formation
As the saying goes: "the divine mechanism is divided into ten thousand images, the wise eye sees the reality". Divine machine formation by the array of the array of organs, the eye can use the organs to detect the reality, to avoid the danger, moving will have success, such as a divine help.
subdued like a crouching tiger
Rising like a startling star
Heavenly Armor
Mortal weapons have quality, but divine armor is invisible. The Heavenly Soldier Armor Technique is a method to fill the gaps with internal force in the armor and turn the void into reality, which can turn ordinary iron into fine gold, not to be destroyed by external force.
Solving the column
horizontal pivot
Exquisite 9
"The nine orifices, the five Tibetans and the twelve sections are all connected to the weather". The method of the nine exquisite orifices is difficult to be understood by non-skilled workers, and difficult to be accomplished by non-skilled craftsmen. The spirit of treasures can nourish the nine orifices, so that people can be filled with internal and external escape, and their vitality is complete.
conferred breath
Tongxin
Forge Mysterious Iron
The method of the Heavenly Casting Xuan Iron Book is written on top of the Heavenly Iron, which is made in Heaven and written by an extraordinary person. This book has two pages, recording thirty types of iron, nineteen types of gold and Ying, seven strange mountains, five earth veins, and all the changes in them.
earthquake wreck
boom top
4 Finger Azure Cream
The Four Finger Green Ointment is a method of applying the green juice of 100 herbs to the four fingers, and then applying the medicine with clever techniques such as wiping, melting, cutting and sealing.
Four points
Liouhe
3 Books of 9-Steps
As the saying goes, "There are three parts of the human body, and there are three gestures in each part". The Three Parts and Nine Marks Method uses pulse cutting and diagnosis to examine the upper, middle and lower parts of the human body, and each part has three marks of heaven, earth and man.
By cut
Experience
Visceral Anatomy
Bone cutting method is the art of dissecting the human body, not ordinary medical techniques, this method from the skin to the internal organs, from the bones to the blood marrow, the vital points of the person, the mystery of the key, there is no knowledge.
Metrics
Methodical cut
Anti-Poisoning
Wu Huang, or five herbs with yellow in their names, are used in the evil months to ward off evil spirits. Wu Huang is used as a guide to ward off all kinds of poisons and plague, so that Yang energy can be generated and Yin evil can be dispersed.
Meridian point
Meridian Benzoin
"Spring, summer, autumn harvest, winter storage, the qi of the normal, people should also be, to a day divided into four times". Ziwu resting incense in line with the theory of the operation of the Ying and Wei, deep into the meridians and tunnels, can make the intermediary Shen Qi return to hide, sleepy and restful.
Qu Yuan point
Blood Transfusion
"When Qi is strong, blood moves; when Qi is weak, blood stops". It requires internal force to guide the blood in the body, or to change the speed of the flow of qi and blood, or to change the direction of the flow of qi and blood.
Liangmen Point
Tianshu acupoint
White Water Long Live Method
White water comes from the mountain of Kunlun and is immortal when drunk. The White Water method of immortality is born from the art of yellow and white, and its method is to help people open their meridians with the bias of medicine and poison, so that the source of true qi is inexhaustible, just like an immortal who takes the divine elixir, and lives forever, with the heaven and earth.
Flood Dragon's Bone Regeneration
"Like a dragon, floating in the clouds, thunder and lightning, the bamboo is raised high, galloping wind and rain, swimming infinity". The Qing Jiao Bone work is about "rising to the void, floating and clearing", which is used to regenerate flesh and bones, and to renew yin and yang.
9 Colored Jade Cicada
Jade cicada is described to get through the metamorphosis from and reborn without the dirt of mortal world. 9 colored jade cicada helps transform your YuanJing into YuanHun and restore it. It is said that whoever practice it will never die if the inner Qi is not evanished.
Fengchi point
Go With The Flow
"Life and quiet, the nature of nature also. To be moved by feeling things is also the desire of nature". The method of following one's desire is developed by one's nature, and the practitioner can move according to his desire, regardless of gains and losses, because of what he feels, without restraint.
a sense of perspective
Know your fate
Take The Pulse
As the saying goes, "When the pulse path is opened, the blood and qi will move". Take the pulse gong Stance is complicated but not chaotic, straight to the point, is through the pinch pulse door and make the person's qi and blood can not, can not move the technique.
Qi observation
intercepted veins
Muscle Displacement Bone Contraction
It is a method to control one's joints and bones so that one's body can shrink steeply without leaving any gap between the muscles and flesh.
horizontal partition
Oki
7 Wheel Induction
The three chakras and seven chakras are where the spiritual energy of the human body is gathered. Practitioners of the seven chakra induction method need to begin with meditation, contemplating the body, and then become aware of the flow of qi and chakra rotation in the body, so that the body and mind can correspond and move freely.
Mandala Mantra
It is the secret of the Buddha's sect. The practitioner's heart draws the precious seal and his mouth speaks the true words, which can open the path of Bodhi and break the door of hell.
Peaceful
Gathering God
Vidya-Raja Fire
The Buddha's fire meditation is a method of meditation through visualizing the spiritual heat in the belly. The practitioner can see the five phases of smoke, fire, sunlight, light, and green sky, etc. The three poisons are destroyed by the blazing fire, and the light of wisdom is achieved.
The Great Handprint
It is said that the Mahamudra was sealed by the Buddha's own hands, and that it permeates all the dharmas of life, death and nirvana, so that it has the supreme virtue and can be used for all things.
Real residence
Light
Buddha Body
“One who sees me become bodhi-hearted, the one who hears my name will stop evil behaviors and start to do good. One who learn my method gets the great wisdom, one who knows my heart becomes Buddha.”Only the greatest ones can reach the final stage of the method.
Lost Worm Incense
The incense can be used as bait for a hundred poisons, blood for food, is the five immortal religion will be the enemy body Yin turbid Qi into the Gu of the feeding method.
Ligust Point
Fish interval point
Disgusting Miasma
The seven emotions are joy, anger, sorrow, fear, love, evil and desire. Although this incense is colorless and tasteless, it can disturb the mind and cause the seven emotions to be depressed and tormented within.
Ruby 9 Worms
Red jade nine incense insect is like red jade, the body has a strange fragrance, from the southwest mountains, like to eat poison. Five immortal sect disciples with a secret method to plant this insect into the body, can make it move with the changes in toxicity, so as to stimulate the acupuncture points, stimulating the host ferocity.
Xiaohai Point
Houxi Point
Insanity Spell
Exterminate the Gu incantation is to feed the Gu of the people passed down, only "aversion to the charm of the Gu, the incantation of the ghoul, who harm me, return to myself" sixteen words, but can make the Gu broken life bad body, do not dare to harm, can be described as out there is God, words and will be spiritual.
Four Full Points
Blood Dolls
The Blood Puppet Breaking Method is extremely insidious and poisonous. It is a secret technique that uses the essence as a guide to make people lose their minds and bodies and kill themselves.
Tianchi point
Ghost Breath
The poison of soul-killing breath is hidden between the lips and teeth, which is made of old rotting corpses, and when it is spat out, it is like black clouds covering the sun and ten thousand locusts flying together, so it is called "the gods lose their guts and evil spirits lose their souls".
Silkworm Insanity
Heavenly silkworm devouring Gu is mild, colorless and invisible, not to feed on the Gu, but can be harnessed by it Gu and absorb true energy, this is the secret of the Five Immortals Church of the strange Gu, non-meritorious to the Holy Church can not be granted.
Hypogastric point
Turtle Tail Point
Ghost Included
The ghost surrender technique can be invisible, with the dance to subdue the gods, is the ancient wizard to communicate with the gods, the service of all the ghosts of the strange art, in this technique, all see the ghost shape, ears hear the ghost sound, and even the gods rebellious, behavior crazy.
Dummy Point
Sky Snake Bone Exchange
"A dragon and a snake, with the time to change". Heavenly Snake Bone Replacement Technique is to turn the strange poison into the bone marrow, so as to give birth to the disability to mend the deficiency, prolong life and protect the body of the Five Immortals Church secret method, the success of the bones are soft, the body has a mysterious light, but also often due to the strange poison and gradually lose weight.
Sky Bridge
As the saying goes, "The golden formula is easy to obtain, but the stars come to the mystery". The method of Tian Guan Tong can connect hundreds of acupuncture points in the body into one, so that they are as weak as the stars in the sky, so that they are stronger and weaker, so that they can help a person to move the qi and transform the momentum, and win in reverse.
River Immortals Wedding
Hebe is the god of river water, can make wind and waves, swim in the river by dragon. He Bo married a wife can make the true qi rushing like river water, roll the enemy's qi, so that his qi for my use.
6 Turn of Royal
The method of the Sixth Turn of the Heavenly Décor is like water and invisible, with dark currents, the operator can harness the enemy's true qi for his own use when the enemy's internal force is flowing, just like the flow of the heavenly river and a hundred rivers into the sea.
Hegu acupoint
8 Threads of Frozen
"The meridians, so move blood and yin and Yang, moisten the tendons and bones, and benefit the joints". The method of the eight veins of cold ice is to freeze the eight veins instantly with the internal force into cold ice gas, making them as solid as ice and difficult to hurt and destroy for a while.
Formation of 6 Stars
As the saying goes, "The Northern Dipper injects death, and the Southern Dipper injects life". The Six Stars of the Southern Dipper Formation is based on the stars of the Southern Dipper, and the formations are mutually supportive of each other, so that they can give birth to the true and concentrated spirit, and biochemistry of all things.
Heavenly Palace
Seven Kills
9 Star Eye
As the saying goes, "The sky has nine yao, and people have nine tricks. Nine yao, also known as the Nine Executioners, can ward off demons and evil spirits, as well as master misfortune. The Nine Obsidian Astrologer's Eye is a method to help people to open up the orifices and store the gods in the sky. The eyes of the practitioner are bright and shining, and he can detect the battle opportunities by virtue of the astrological signs, just like the astrologer lends his eyes, and there is no disadvantage.
Seven elements of the great method to solve the evil
"Seven elements of the true ruler, the spirit of the North Pole, to the true regeneration of ghosts, the group of devils destroyed tilted". The seven elements of the great method is to put people to death and then life, not into a desperate situation can not be easily performed, the more devastated the operator, the more effective this technique.
Anger Face
Angry phase work all by the mind and hair, it is the Fulong altar to anger to help the method, the operator of the work of the eyebrows, hair on the finger, can be a horrific sound to destroy the external enemy.
Cheeks
Dragon Looks Back
The Dragon's Head Return is about "intention in force, instantaneous release and instantaneous retraction", the practitioner's qi travels throughout the body and comes out when he encounters the enemy, just like the dragon's scales being opposed, and the momentum is so fierce that it is difficult for ordinary people to resist.
shake wood
Divine Fire Cover
Divine fire shield Kung Fu is a unique method of movement of the Fulong altar, the practitioner conceals the strength and reserves the momentum, and does not exhale, so that the Yang fire true qi can envelop the whole body, looking at it as if there is a divine fire to protect the body.
Dragon Breakthrough
"after the world rushed, the dragon changes which, latent is unpredictable, moving is infinite". Dragon break through the formation to take the meaning of the shape, like a dragon, no matter how the position of the formation, all have a sudden return to the wind and clouds, the first and last corresponding use.
Rampageous
invert the first and last
Thunder Bone
"Thunder is the pivot of heaven and earth". Lei Gong Casting Bone is the method of horizontal training of the Fulong altar, the practice requires heavy strikes on the whole body, and even the Yang Qi is born, and the Yin evil is removed from the body, which seems to be able to be subjected to thunder without falling down, calling together the divine energy of the five organs.
Medical Heart
Tianmang Danxin Technique is an inside-out technique that turns the body's true energy into Yang fire, which is gathered in the heart and bursts into a strong light to stimulate great potential. This technique is the most rigid and pure, and those with distracting thoughts will be devastated by the Yang fire, so it cannot be practiced by those who are not pure of heart.
Drunk A Thousand Year
"There is no need to finish all the wine, I can go anywhere in the world". It can help one to travel to heaven and earth, dispel all sorrows, and show one's mind.
dreamlike
seemingly awake
Cover Sky
The power of the sun-shadowing technique is vast, it is a strange technique to disturb the heaven and earth with true qi. Once this technique is activated, you will see the flying sand and rocks, the sky is dark, as long clouds cover the eyes, the sun and moon no light.
Mud Stunt
The only thing that is important about the Ragged Mud technique is the word "wrap", which is often used by the user to hold the frame and wrap around the enemy's body in the shape of Ragged Mud, which is mostly frowned upon by gentlemen.
Crawling and scurrying
(coll.) pester
Chaos Qi
It is a rebellious method that cannot be used by people who are not suffering from internal disorders. Once this technique takes effect, the practitioner often loses his mind and suffers unbearably, but also becomes more and more vicious and cruel, bloodthirsty like mad.
Depression
manic
Ghost Cry
Ghost night crying method is strange and horrible, is the Dantian energy, with the force of drumming, long whistle, so that people like hearing the wild ghosts cry, look for the wind and flee the method.
dreary and fuzzy (sight)
resentment
Blood Meal
Blood-eating gong to blood as a sacrifice, killing as a sacrifice, a total of twenty-eight Đi, dissection, felling, Shi, etc., the operator of the gong see blood is crazy, eat blood is happy, no mercy, not like ordinary people.
greedy for killing
bloodthirsty
The Great Spell of Soul Exchange
The soul-transfer technique is a technique of aversion to victory, which is passed down from the ancient spiritual witch. This method is vicious and secretive, can be detained by the evil spirit to turn the ghosts and yin and yang, hooking the soul and taking away the spirit, the frame-up to claim the life of all is not a problem.
bewitched
soul control
Heart-Self Destroy Spell
If you want to become the method of the two extinction of the mind and the self, you should abandon the self, cut off the seven emotions, do not feel birth, do not grieve death, after ten layers of hard practice, gradually give up the three souls and seven spirits, and then the mind becomes empty, and there is no more desire.
Egoist
Not me
12 Blood Child Formation
The Twelve Blood Children Formation does not think of all beings, does not take the five rebellions as suffering, it is the most evil method in the world, the helpers are connected to the formation master's heart and soul, so they can use death as life, and use their bodies to replace the evil.
fall into the trap of God
Death to all
Sky Demon
The heavenly demon is the lord of the sixth heaven of the desire realm and has countless dependents who always hinder the Buddha's path. The heavenly demon does not take meditation as the method, does not take non-thinking as the key, but only seeks to be free in otherness, and the successful one does not suffer from the five declines, but has the ability to destroy the good dharma.
hell to receive the law
The seven extra-boundary senses
Undead Body of Blood Child
"All laws are empty, dust and calamities are like a wheel of fire, enter my devil's path and become my immortal body". The Blood Child Immortal Body is the supreme secret method of the Blood Hatchling Sect, whose power is initiated by the ignorant and deluded mind, and is stopped by the absolute knowledge and severed vision, which can help one destroy all troubles and obstacles and achieve an immortal body.
Soulless
Heartless
Shaolin\nLong Fist
ShaoLin Long Fist calls for straight and righteous movements, like direct hit or block. It may look simple or inflexible, but the steps are very elaborate, that it become the classic example of ShaoLin Martial Arts.
smooth tendons and straight bones
cross-cutting direct hit
Shaolin\nVajra Palm
ShaoLin Vajra Palm is easy to learn but difficult to master, that although you can break a stone with your palm, it takes a long and hard time to completely control your power and hide them into gentle movements.
Inch
fish interval
The Great\nLong-Arm Fist
“Jump like a tiger, land like an eagle”, focus your power on both arms and make them cooperate well, we call it“Connected Arms”. The connected arms perform straight powerful fists with both the reach and smoothness.
Arm
glue the bones of the dead
68 Moves of\nArhat Fist
Imitating the postures of the 68 Arhats, it contains flexible moves but also protects bust and tummy, combines hardness and softness.
The three righteousnesses keep the center
God and form are complete
The Great Vajra\nFist
The Great Vajra Fist is impressively powerful with firm and certain fist,  great momentum.
18 Hands of\nDharma
“The Dharma came from west telling us to Forget, but to use the power by our heart”. The 18 hands are of course ingenious, though the “Keep the mind and forget” conclusion is the true essence of ShaoLin Martial Arts.
Keeping the heart and staying on the edge
No Thoughts as Sovereign
Vajra Prajna\nPalm
It deals damage by palm reaching wave after waves. With multiple layers of damage dealing pose,  it is called as the best palm art of ShaoLin.
Humerus
Demonhunt\nLight Fist
“Wish my light of wisdom illuminate demons around the world.”. The DemonHunt Light Fist is soft, simple yet powerful, just like the light of Buddah shines over every thing every time.
frontal skull
36 Close Hands
Every step in the 36 close hands can be performed in several different ways. When in the battle,  use knee and elbows to attack and defense. The continuous movements makes the enemie stuck in,  just like “Closed”.
Knee and Elbow
uninterrupted
Rejuvenation\nFinger
Vivid and interesting fists. When practicing it,  one acts like a duck, which may seems hilarious. However fierce attacks are hidden among those unpredictable movements.
Swing left and swing right
Front teasing and back plucking
12 Hands of\nSilk Fist
Move your fists like a silkworm spitting silk, strike like poisonous arrows leaving the bow. The spells says：“Step on the hill and pull the bow, step by step use the endliss power. Catch, take, hang and cut the silk, let the power flow through the door.”
Soft dip
The law is strong
White Ape's\nLong-Arm Fist
“When asked about the origin, the master answered‘taught by the white monkey in the mountain'” White Ape Fist has quirky and strange moves,  much like an ape or monkey playing or jumping.
Flexible and versatile
vivid and ingenious
Transfer Flower\nPicker
Unpredictable arm movements that are gentle by the look but fierce in fact.“Softness is the origin of toughness, toughness is the expression of softness.”
Bingfeng Cave
Heavenly Spirit\nThunder Palm
Heavenly Spirit Thunder Palm, is very fast palm attacks with extreme power, destroy the target within a sec, like wild thunders and flashes.
Qiangu point
Vajra Samadhi\nPalm
Vajra Samadhi Palm is the most abstruse palm-based martial art among all in-door Emei arts,  combines both gentleness and toughness and is almost with no flaw.“Vajra fears no barrier, Samadhi reaches all truthes.”
Wudang\nLong Fist
WuDang Long Fist contains 32 steps that are aiming at effects rather than power. It contains slow moves that are resting one's arms and legs, and also fast moves that are neat with momentum.
Extremity stretching
Hands and feet together
Wind Chasing\nPalm
“Spin with all body, but steady in soul.”Steps are followed closed with each other, which makes a fluent and also free-style acting, like flowing with the wind.
In and out cycle
Go back and forth like the wind
Wudang Soft\nPalm
Quit silent when acting but thoughtful in attack angles. After being attacked by these palm-moves, one may look scatheless but is actually hurt badly in organs. These attacks are like iron hidding in cotton boll, powerful damage dealer disguise with gentleness.
lit. follow the square to the round
Strength in softness
The 8 Trigrams\nPalm
Foot movement is the key of this martial art.“8 Trigrams palm runs on the trigrams, one changes the attack depending on the trigrams also.”Keep moving when defending against enemies while dealing palm attacks to them, change forms during the movements, unpredictable.
straightforward
The Ultra One\nUnfettered Palm
The Ultra One Unfettered Palm is the top palm-based martial art among all in-door Taoist martial arts. Its movements are smart and casual,  like fairy people playing at ease.
Dui Liu
Sundown 9
Divine Fist
“Divine Fist is so powerful that it looks like nothing special.” The more you understand it,  the less steps you need when practising. Simple attacks that are more effective than complex ones.
Zhongzhu point
Wudang\nPure Yang Fist
WuDang Pure Yang Fist. Said to be created by the Taoist master Lyu Dobing. It follows the natural rules and power,  the attacks are like sunlight reaches all beings. The power builds up though each step, layer by layer.
Purple Yang\nUpright Fist
"It is also called "Zi Yang", which is the extreme of Yang energy and righteousness. Zi Yang Zheng Qi Fist is the ultimate attainment of the Xuanmen Authentic Fist, the power of the fist is not rigid and not soft, solemn and grand, covering the sky and the earth.
Taichi Fist
Nihility gives birth to TaiChi, which is the mother of Yin and Yang. TaiChi fist is a combination of Yin (softness) and Yang （toughness）, both in harmony with each other. It defeats the tough enemy by gentle moves, overcomes massive force by tricky small power using.“Wave your hands make a Taichi, run Taichi and destroy all.”
induce chemical combination
Rounded and integrated
Mountain\nPushing Palm
With simply 4 steps,  this martial art is easy to learn and practice. However with plenty of practicing, it becomes more and more powerful that it shocks the enemy in battle.
Elbow Kei
Iron Fist of\nLion Phase
Iron Fist of Lion Phase repeatedly attack the enemy by the back of hands. It contains 25 steps, during which one needs to“turn the waist and spin the arms, take the advantage of that natural force”, so the kinetic force contributes to your attack, results in a leveled-up power.
Back of the hand
Gate Breaker\n8 Moves
Gate Breaker 8 Moves, powerful and fierce attack.“Move like a tight bow, attack like a exploding bomb”, gain power from lower body, spread it through your whole body and reach out to enemies around, just as the name“Gate Breaker”.
Move like a taut bow
hair like a thunderbolt
The Great\nStonebreaker
The Great Stonebreaker, said to be able to break gold, jade and even mountain by palm.The palm power is like a giant chisel drilling deep into the enemy, so strong that none human body can defense.
Metacarpal bone
Gold Palm of\nLion Phase
“Practice untill you have 3 layers of callus on your hands, like your hands are covered by gold sand, then you can drill a hole on the wall as if your human hands are iron forks.”It takes perseverance to learn and practice this art, its palm power is like steel blade, that it can break the enemy's muscles and bones.
Warlord's\nPull Bow
Warlord's Pull Bow, named after the legendary warlord Xiang Yu. Though it is an out-door tough skill, but it triggers a stream of breathing and attracting power while practing, just like how people describe the warlord：“Strength plucked up the hills, might shadowed the world.”
Shoulder
Cloud Mania Style
"The hurricane wind suddenly rises and the clouds turn wild, the waves swing and the fish and dragons are stiff". Cloud madness style "hair like a mountain torrent, close like a wind swept clouds", its posture soaring courageous decision, its power back to the mountain overturning the sea, running around the body whistling wind, all direction invincible.
Great Divine\nPalm
The Great Divine Palm, the most respected skill of the Lion-Face Clan. With the most pure and tough power within the palm attacks, the practicer's bones make crack but actually harmless noises. This palm attack becomes more powerful when being blocked.
Tiger's mouth
Great Slow Hand
“So straight that it seems bent, so smart that it seems clumsy.” Although it's with no strict forms, it brings palm power to all around your body, that it destroys the surroundings. This skill is praised as the most thick-powered out-door martial art in the world.
Pure Lady's\nHidden Hand
Pure Girl's Hidden Hand. This martial art looks beautiful and flexible, and is actually a very unique way of sneak attack that targets the hands, wrists, arms and elbows of the enemy.
interlocking
fine as a weave
Jade Hand
Jade Hand, famous for its speed. The physical gestures might seem full of leaks, but is actually luring the enemy to come and attacking it with unexpected moves, called “winning in losing”.
Receive as soon as you send
Winning in Defeat
Cold Yin Palm
Cold Yin Palm hurts the enemy by using the pure Yin palm power. When practicing the skill, your palm turns ironish dark, cold wind blows from in. After hurt by this palm, lower abdomen of the enemy becomes stiff and cold,  gathered Qi gradually disappears till the enemy finally dies.
Abdominal Sorrow Point
9 Moves of\n9 Heavens
9 Moves of 9 Heavens was inspired by the prediction method named “the three odds” in the Book of Changes,  contains very precise moves. When one start the practicing it's like a spring thunder sounds over dry land；when finishing, it is like wind blowing away the clouds.
Fire up the wind
The Jade Hare throws itself at the spring
Jade Tripot Fist
“Gather your Qi from the Cloud Gate (acupoint below clavicle and above armpit) and form it into a jade tripod, lead your power through Kong Zui （acupoint in the inner side of arm about 21 cm from the wrist）and form it into a gold cup”. Flexible fist moves with a small range and frequent changes. The gathered Qi is as pure as a jade tripod and the fist power is firm like a gold cup, so it was named “Gold Cup and Jade Tripod”.
Hole Most Point
Princess\nRainfall
As the saying goes: "The day is the morning cloud, the evening is the walking rain", Yao Ji cloud and rain style is beautiful, absolutely soft to soft, can be described as delicate as a virgin, gentle as a wandering dragon. Its moves are endless, like light smoke and mist, unpredictable.
Divine Cold\nPalm
The cold ice divine palm is extremely severe, the most Yin to cold. Palm wind and the body is cold poison rushing in, not only the whole body heat is dispersed, blood freezing into ice, and all the meridians closed, can be said that there is no life.
Daling Point
5 Animals Fist
The so-called five birds: "one said tiger, two said deer, three said bear, four said ape, five said bird". Chaiyama five birds boxing outside the strong muscles and bones, internal regulation of the internal organs, the move between the static, calm and light and heavy.
Hand and Foot
take shape and refine meaning
The Great Snow\nMountain Palm
The Snow Mountain Palm Technique is tough and tough, light and steady, and the moves are mostly rolling and leaping, pushing and pouncing, which is said to have been created by a 100-year-old man fighting with tigers and leopards in the Changbai Mountains.
Qimen Point
Blood Palm
Because the palm is red as if it is dripping blood, so it is called "palm blood work". For the palm blood power injured, the whole body blood faster and faster, and gradually tumbling like boiling water, can be described as unbearable suffering.
Osbeck Bone Melt
"The Wailing Fairy eliminates the stone, relieves the bone, the sex is fierce and the work is divine". The empty sang school of medicine and poison, can make the good medicine into a strange poison, hit this poison palm of the tendons and bones, limp on the ground and die.
Sanma Point
Divine Drug\nPalm
Dansha divine palm is extremely poisonous, and its toxicity is extremely fierce. Practitioners of this poisonous palm can use Yin Qi to store the essence of Dansha in "Tian Zong", which can be harmless to themselves; and use Yang Qi to send the poison of Dansha in "Yang Gu", which can kill people.
Tianzong point
Divine Flood\nDragon Palm
"submerged scales have hungry auger, drop the tail to take the thirsty tiger". Qing Jiao divine palm stance is weird and strange, the palm position meandering like the tail of the augur, a palm shot that the fishy wind, its poisonous fierce evil, the world has not.
Guan Chong point
Vajra Hammer
Vajra hammer fist force is thick and heavy, shoulders do not lift arms do not turn can be between the square inch fist injury, because the method of force is very unique, so there are many people who do not know so think that this is the Vajra's magic power.
wrist bone
Paluki
5 Anger Hands
At times, the Five Angry Hands are like four arms and two heads, while at other times, they are like four heads and eight arms, with their arms and legs moving together.
Shaizhang
vertical flutter
Parami Palm
There are ten postures in the Boromi Palm, which are very subtle and profound, corresponding to the "ten victorious acts" of the Bodhisattva, namely: "giving, abstinence, advancement, meditation, wisdom, convenience, great desire, great power, and great wisdom".
Yin pulse
Vajra Black\nSand Palm
Vajra black sand palm sinking majestic domineering, two hands palm force is different, a left and a right, a yin and a yang, yin force strange cold, yang force strange hot, hot and cold torment, the two forces together is not death will be seriously injured.
Soul Heat Palm
Spiritual heat palm is the secret method of turning internal energy into internal fire, and then directing the internal fire into both palms to damage the enemy with pure spiritual heat. When exercising, the palms are like steel swords, and there seems to be electric light burning on the palms.
Vajra\nAnnihilation Hands
The Vajra Exterminating Hand is extremely ruthless. The technique has six styles, and the face of the performer will also show "green, yellow, red, white, empty and blue" with these six styles, which is the "six colors of the true meaning of Vajra".
4 Divine Palm
The so-called four divine palms of Mount Sumeru: "One is the silver sattva holding the country, firm and thick; two is the glazed sattva growth, far and near as desired; three is the crystal sattva wide eyes, changeable; four is the gold sattva multi-sensory, endless".
The Great Sun\nBuddha Palm
The hand is knotted with the "Great Sun Rulai Dharma Seal", the body has "all-round light", confusion and enlightenment are not two, the Buddha is the same, the Great Sun Rulai Palm is the true meaning of the divine palm of Vajra Sect, with boundless power and greatness.
Scorpion Hand
The scorpion hand of the wind of Yin moves retrograde, style reversal, out of the left and attack the right, out of the right and attack the left, low is to attack the top, leap high but for attacking the bottom, strikes without warning, very strange.
Hook Neck
thrusting forehead
Python Hand
"The technique of "vipers" is "to penetrate the bones and cone the heart, locking the blood, with a thousand teeth and itching", that is "the method of a thousand needles".
Anti-elbow
lock and coerce
Blood Fluke\nPalm
Blood leech palm technique gentle, toxic dense, its palm force never outwardly exhaled but to the palm of the rapid suction, palm to the place where the skin is therefore bleeding more than, dripping horrible, poison has also been thus and invade the internal organs.
Quze Point
Zhongchong acupoint
Soul-Extinct\nPalm
Three corpses broken soul palm Yin poison has no end, a palm in a total of three different kinds of poisonous quality, one of the "stiff", numbness and insensitivity; the second is "spot", the face of the black; the third is "hernia". The third is "hernia", in which the belly is broken intestines.
Shaohai point
Azure Spider\nHand
"Green spider has the ultimate poison, entangling soul 500 worlds". Green spider soul wrapping hand is strange and unpredictable, palm force like silk, like a net, incomparable poison. Green spider poison has "even if the body is dead, but also difficult to get rid of, will still bring the next life" said.
Shizhe point
Poison Palm\nof Red Toad
Zhu Toad poison palm out before the palm must first whole body stored force, and then leap out, the force of its strong, toxic fierce, not only non-flesh and blood body can withstand, any iron clothes and gold armor also touch that will collapse.
Samyang Point
4 Colors Palm
Green, yellow, red and black divine palm is the secret of the Five Immortals Church in Miaojiang, the success of the heart of the four colors, hands like a zombie, the quality of the poison issued by each palm is different, there are thousands of changes, there is no solution, there is no avoidance.
Soul Peeling\nHands
The Nine Deadly Soul Leaving Hands is the most strange and poisonous, and there is no one else in the world who has been hit, so it is called "Soul Leaving". However, this technique is so evil that the performer will also suffer from its repercussions and will not be spared nine deaths, so it is also called "nine deaths".
Forged Bone\nFist
The recipe says: "3-3-9-9 calcined iron bone", calcined bone fist need to repeatedly beat the high temperature iron 91 times a day with the palm of flesh, after nine years to become, aimed at forging tendons and refining bones, strong fist power.
High Bone
Drunk\n8 Immortals Fist
The Fulong Drunken Eight Immortals Fist moves swiftly and quietly, with defense and attack, bending like a tiger and stretching like a dragon. At the time of boxing, the feet step on the five elements and eight trigrams, the posture is like drunkenness, with a clanging wind of power, such as the drunken eight immortals off the trail.
cash
Refining\nFire Palm
Fire refining palm is the unique technique of Fulong altar, can send a strong blazing wave out of the air, directly to the enemy a few feet away, this technique is extremely spirit-consuming, but when the person is burning, especially horrific.
Crazy Drunk Fist
Crazy Devil Drunken Fist is extremely powerful, with its power and power of the mind. When performing kung fu, it is like madness, like crazy, if you are not careful, it is difficult to return to the mind, you need to be as rocky as the heart, the intention is stronger than gold, before you can perform it.
look like a madman
Heart like a rock
Great Colorful\nPalm
The so-called "dazzling extinction": dazzling, the power is huge, there is a fire burst, dazzling like the sun and the moon; extinction, the force of a spit, there is no room for return, non-exhaustion of force can not stop.
Upper Bone
Divine Fist\nof Jade Yang
The Little Yu Yang Divine Fist is light, quick and jumpy, with moves in the air, the fist is unpredictable, and as dense as a fine rain. The Little Jade Yang Divine Fist originates from beyond the East Sea, and is unparalleled in the world with the Great Jade Yang Divine Fist, one strange and one positive.
shoulder chaste point
Fire Palm of\n6 Yang
Six Yang palm from the "hand three yang, foot three yang" six Yang meridian and its power to the rigid pure Yang, fierce and simple has been extremely thick, the hitter is like entering the fire cave of purgatory, the internal organs are turned into charcoal.
Great Jade Yang\nFist
The Great Jade Yang Divine Fist is brave, strong and swift, with a style that stands out from the rest, and a fist that is as one with the left and the right, and is as grand as a wild wave. The Great Jade Yang Divine Fist originates from beyond the East Sea, and is unique in the world with the Little Jade Yang Divine Fist, one positive and one strange.
Dragon Palm
Dragon palm is fierce and fierce, shocking the past and the present, is the untold attainment of the Fulong altar. As the saying goes: "out of the sound, stone breaking the sky, whistling like a dragon; invisible and quality, the wind and clouds change color, like a wild dragon", so called "dragon" also.
Crazy Dog Fist
Mad dog boxing behavior indeterminate, seemingly crazy, walking frame absolutely no rules, spit and bite, stalking, all kinds of things, plus snarling and barking, but also extraordinarily appalling.
Indeterminate behavior
snarling dogs barking furiously
Heartbreak Palm
The heart-destroying palm does not have many moves, the palm force has a total of "slow, sharp, drilling, binding" four changes, can be rigid or soft, straight through the heart and lungs, is a purely dark force to hurt people in the invisible Yin vicious kung fu.
inter-legal point
72 Hellbound\nFist
The Seventy-two Earth Death Fists are fierce and unusual, specializing in the fierce and evil techniques of the lower road, as the saying goes: "Grasping the knee and taking the heel, breaking the knot, stripping the serious stock piece by piece", from the stock to the heel are all controlled by it.
Front Striking Ankle Heel
Back Strikes on the Buttocks
Zombie\nPoison Palm
When the corpse has been soaked in the poisonous water, the poisonous substance can be used for practicing Kung Fu.
Erma point
Blood Evil Palm
Bloodshed palm is fierce and violent, the toxicity is fierce, need to use their own blood to stimulate the poisonous quality, it is: "see the blood and hair, the more injuries the more crazy". Because the blood quality of each person is different, the toxicity issued also has different changes.
Bone Melting\nGhost Palm
Once the palm force enters the body, it eats away at the bones and bones of the person, eliminating the internal energy of the person's yang energy, and its poison is even more than the gangrene of the bones, the most sinister.
Sky Demon Palm
The "soul" of the Heavenly Demon's Soul Mutilating Palm refers to three things: "The practice is incomparably cruel, requiring a living person to test the palm; the strokes are cruel, referring to all the vital points of the body; the pain and itch of the victim is so severe that he or she will die of self-mutilation".
Blood Hou's\nEvil Palm
The Blood Hind Devil Palm is extremely poisonous and vicious, and is the best attainment of the Blood Hind Cult's poison palm. When this palm is released, black smoke fills the air, the fishy wind suddenly rises, the smell immediately faint, the whole body swells several times, the chest and abdomen burst and die.
Shaolin\nTiger Claw
As the saying goes: "arching the head, jaws look out over the teeth like a tiger". Shaolin Fuhu Claw is imitating the shape of a tiger, and also has the spirit of a tiger, with rigorous moves, solid ground, steady hands, strong and powerful.
Shaolin\nFinger Zen
Shaolin One Finger Zen is all about external strength, no internal refinement, but it is very unique in that it is able to follow the force and move into stillness. Its practice is extremely delicate, the requirements are incomparably strict, the order can never be wrong.
Index finger
Finger of\nCatching Flower
The finger power is invisible and without phase, which is born from the allusion of "Buddha's flower, Gaya's smile", and is extremely profound.
Liquid Gate Point
Great Finger\nof Vajra
Powerful vajra finger can send out a thousand pounds of force with the finger without borrowing momentum, which can be described as infinite force, thick and strong to the extreme. To destroy the enemy's tendons and bones, such as breaking withered, broken stone and jade, such as through the flotsam.
Whirling\nVajra Ring
"Five fingers virtual pinch, circle into a ring, the force has no birth, also has no end, firm and unbreakable, no can cut off", is called "Shaolin pinch turn vajra circle". All the evil devils and foreigners, are bound in this circle of square inches, it is difficult to get out of the fetters to hurt people.
Put the finger
Shaolin\nDragon Claw
Shaolin dragon claw hand stance is simple and profound, swift and fierce, finger force is more than steel, no solid can not be broken, grasp the tree can leave a mark, rubbing stone can become powder, the power is great, is the highest attainment of Shaolin finger claw.
Finger bone
Chilling Pinprick
Emei Eagle Claw Kung Fu is about "arms like wings, fingers like steel hooks", with swift and ruthless moves, just like the posture of an eagle when pouncing on its food, with the force coming from both arms and the fingers and claws hurting the enemy in the same way.
Arm like a wing spreading
Fingers like steel hooks
Emei Finger Zen
Emei One Finger Zen is an internal discipline technique that operates with internal qi released from the fingertips. The finger force is qualitative but invisible, fine and sharp, touching like an electric shock, and can be sent through objects.
Shaochong acupoint
Lame Fight\n80 Moves
Lame fight eighty styles of attack and defense as one. The defensive position recipe says: "above the bottom, be prepared for danger, mutual support, up and down harmonious"; the offensive position recipe says: "floods across the river, chaos and chaos gathered, all send and receive, there is no disadvantage".
Jizelim
Zedizi
Split Flower
As the saying goes, "The hand is like a willow in three springs, and the step is like a lotus leaf in the wind". The stance is soft, erratic, and the strokes are hand-picked from the side door, and the strokes hide the needles, never facing the enemy head-on.
Hand-picked side door
an iron fist in a velvet glove
Lighten Finger
Light phase finger can be sent through the air, and the farther the pointing distance, the greater the scope of the finger force coverage. When the finger comes out, the light on the finger is very bright, the light has seven colors, brilliant and dazzling, so it is called "light phase".
A Thousand\nHands
There are a thousand moves and a thousand styles in the Thousand Techniques, and there is no one move and one style, all the heart follows the gods, and the movement is from the heart. As the saying goes: "a hundred folds even waist all boneless, a spread through the body are hands", can be called Emei gong method of the most strange.
The Heart Follows the Lord
movement and stillness from the heart
The Great\nFinger of Mt.Light
"It is said that the one element is also the great beginning". The Great Light Mountain One Element Finger is thick and mysterious, with the quality of the original Qi of heaven and earth, and the form of chaos without color or phase, and the finger comes out with a booming sound and a long rainbow of Qi.
Yangxi Point
Heavenly Spirit\nFinger
It is a unique pointing technique of the Emei School.
Needle Finger
Finger Needle Kung Fu is light and flexible, with fine and sharp finger force, like a needle between the fingers, with a stinging sensation when touched, it is a special attack on the enemy's body major acupuncture points and eyes and ears and other vulnerable parts of the technique.
Pinning
fuse
Rejuvenation\nFinger
The eldritch finger is made by drawing the essence of all the herbs stored in the finger, and has two uses: positive, which can relieve pain and refresh the mind; and negative, which can make the body drowsy and in severe pain.
Finger Magenta
A finger a pint of red hand like lightning, finger force such as cone, directly to the enemy's eyes, throat, heart, two ribs of the vital, the poison attacked heart, blood flowing like a column, it is: "poke finger into a bloody hole, open a pint of red".
Shaoze point
Blue And White\nFlower Beauty
"Yu Beauty is very poisonous, especially the blue flower is even more, take away the mind, sorrow, grief and pain". The blue-flowered Yu Beauty has gorgeous and unpredictable moves, and those who are struck by it will suffer from sorrow and pain.
Flower Rain
The rain of flowers from the top to the bottom of the sky, overhead, each finger contains seventy-seven forty-nine changes of direction, as if the front, back, left and right and in all directions, people left and right, overwhelmed.
Swift Needle
Rotary Needle
The Great\nFlower Finger of Mandala
The big flower mandala finger with mandala flowers of the strange poison refining, run the finger to produce fragrance, rich nasal, the smell of the mind, evil charm from birth, the whole body paralyzed, the soul upside down, although life is still dead.
Flower Spirit\nMoon Finger
Ten thousand flowers spirit moon finger is wonderful, the spirit of feminine to the extreme, pointing out like a different flower blooming, moving the heart, finger power seems to be non-existent, if there is nothing, just like a mirror, absolutely difficult to catch.
Ling Dao point
A Hundred\nFlower Fight
"When the autumn comes September 8, my flowers bloom after a hundred flowers kill". Hundred flowers kill incomparable poison, harsh and peerless, the attack is fast and dense like mad, the finger to the body, nothing to kill, is the Valley of a hundred flowers is the only dominant killer.
8 Moves of\nBlood Red Flower
Blood vermilion flower eight methods and divided into "eight life eight death" a total of sixteen, is the ancient legacy of technology, because too subtle and magical, even the most talented people can only understand one of the method, can understand more than two methods of people can be said to be unprecedented in the past.
voltaic needle
Stitching
Taoism-Trinity\nFinger
"The Tao gives birth to one, one to two, two to three, and three to all things. The three clearings refer to "three clearings, three realms, and three treasures" in a group of three postures, which are strict in law and natural in nature.
Hook Clamp
The hook and pincer finger is derived from the flying pincer technique of Guigu Zi, which focuses on "the same at first and different at first, using the void to draw in the real, the empty to come to the real", creating a breach in the midst of no breach with clever techniques, and then flying and pincer to overcome the strong with weakness.
use the imaginary to draw out the real
fly and clamp down
5 Mantra\n5 Phases
The so-called five words: "said sickness, said grievance, said worry, said anger, said joy". The five words and five states of the hand are varied, and they are the strange techniques to overcome the enemy by pulling the enemy's mind and will with the words and state of mind.
a mixed bag of five flavors
No confusion, no falsehood
Pivot Move
Hold the pivot style circumambulation like a ring, the momentum is like "hold the pivot", once the obstacle will give rise to a very strong counterattack force, there is a saying: "hold the pivot, the righteousness of the sky, can not be dry and contrary to it, contrary to it, although the success will fail".
Spring growth and summer growth
Autumn harvest and winter storage
Clutch Finger
A finger pointing out, the finger force is mixed and confused, the form and spirit are suddenly together and sometimes away, even the person who is running the finger is also incomparably confused, not with a great intelligence to detect the gap to know far can not master.
disorderly and confused
look into the gap and know the far
The Great\nYinyang Hand
"Pointing to the sky and drawing to the earth is said to be the joint vertical, the hand sweeping the six hemispheres is the continuous horizontal". The Great Yin-Yang Vertical and Horizontal Hand is wide open and wide open, with an extraordinary temperament, and each stroke is sent out smoothly, which can be said to be slow and fast, light as heavy.
Sky Earth Finger
Heaven and Earth Yuan Yi Finger is a secret art of the Daoist sect, which cannot be activated without innate Yuan Qi. Yuan Yi finger power to the true and pure, close to the origin of heaven and earth, the root of all things, can be said to be Yang Xu mountain stand, a hundred bends can not be destroyed.
One Mysterious\nHand
A Xuan hand soft and gentle, clear and elegant, or lead the arm elbow, or trailing fingers and wrists, out of the finger as if it were, the smoke view of the line, finger force such as a soft rope can be far, and never too close to people.
wrist rotation
Trailing finger
Mysterious\nIce Finger
Xuan ice finger method out of the finger as fast as the wind, finger force that is Yin and cold, fingertip because of the condensation of pure Yin true force to cold and bone, such as covering the frost, can point water into ice, the finger immediately freeze.
Moisture points
Fallen Finger
Jade perish finger on the hand is very fast, killing power is great, however, named "Jade perish", is actually the method of both defeat and injury, once performed, the heart veins will be lost, although you can kill the enemy, but over time, they are also inevitable fragrance and Jade perish.
Peeling Move
"Yellow Emperor's consort Xiling's said Rayon, to its first silkworms, so also worship the first silkworms". Rayon peeling cocoon style delicate and subtle, finger power like pulling silk cocoon, layer by layer deep, can eliminate all guards in the invisible.
Poisonous Snake\nHidden Move
The cold pool hidden vicious style is extremely vicious and weird, the finger force can be hidden around the enemy for a long time, like a vicious pool, not moving, once the attack, it will be like a vicious viper rising up, directly to the enemy's vitals, dangerous and unpredictable.
12 Moves of\nChangxi
The twelve styles of Chang Xi are elegant and graceful, the moves are not too fast and not too slow, the yin and the yang are in harmony, the finger force is unpredictable, like light clouds covering the moon, sometimes obscure, sometimes bright, the beauty of its posture and the subtlety of its gesture can be described as the most beautiful and unparalleled in the world.
Harmonization of Yin and Yang
waxing and waning
Polaris Finger\nPoint
The so-called Gui Gui: "its change is slight, but the one who moves is big". The Gui Gui finger method is profound and subtle, silent and without any sound, the finger does not move but can envelop the enemy's whole body with its exquisite finger force.
The Great Moon\nFinger
Great Taiyin Yiming refers to the extreme of yin and softness, but the extreme of yin produces yang, the extreme of softness will be rigid, Great Taiyin Yiming is the most yang of yin, the most rigid of softness, pointing out that like the ice knife and frost sword, the finger force, no strong will not be destroyed.
Fallen Hands\nof Mt.Chai
Chai Shan Tackling Hands is the result of the medical art of bone setting, with which the enemy's joints are destroyed, the technique is particularly ruthless. It is: "pushing, kneading, pinching and dismantling method is exquisite, a pinch and a dismantling pain on the ground, holding the socket and pinching the joint out is easy, saving and hitting the wrong bone suddenly".
bone removal
broken vertebrae
Hook Claw
"Hooked kiss, poison, the entrance is hooked people's throat kiss, eaten to kill". Hooked kiss claw to hook, grab, tear, scratch four styles, finger force hidden in the blood-sealed hooked kiss grass poison, extremely dangerous.
Shang Yang point
Iron Flower\nRotten Bone Claw
The medicine scripture has a cloud: "iron flower, break all the accumulation of cold evil, but its violent nature, there is a big poison, non-critical diseases do not use". Iron flower rotting bone claw strikes viciously, containing iron flower poison, the person hit by the heat is unbearable, rotting bone through the heart and died.
Waiguan point
Jade Cicada\nFinger
The Jade Cicada finger is elegant and noble, with a deep and subtle meaning, a gentle hand, a finger force as clear as water, transparent as bright jade, with its points to cut off the pulse, the person hit will certainly be paralyzed hands and feet, internal energy is also lax.
Flood Dragon's\nIron Tentacle
Qing Jiao iron beard finger is a unique technique of the Kongsang School, when the hand, five fingers like beard and halberd open, all together, the finger force is like iron shear steel whip, hitting the stone with a sound, grasp the wood into the marks, and strange and strange.
beard and halberd open
like a shear like a whip
No Harm Hands
As the saying goes, "From love comes sorrow, from love comes suffering, but if one is free from love, there is no sorrow and no suffering. If you are free from love, you will have no worries and no problems. In the case of the "no-hazard hand", there is no pain in the body, but the mind is completely lost and love and hate are gone.
Snake Insanity\nHands
The Snake Gu Hand is a Miao secret art that draws the poison of the Snake Gu stored in the internal Qi to poison the enemy. Although Snake Gu Hand is not the art of descending Gu, its toxicity is no different from Gu poison.
Red-eyed\nGu Descent
Red-eyed Gu with blood-red pupils, body with red spots, is refined in the skull of the dead Miaojiang parasite. The Red-eyed Gu descending method is extremely fast, the face is red and swollen, the corners of the eyes bleeding, blindness instantly.
Head Vitality Point
Chi Demon\nGu Descent
Chi Demon Gu descending method is unique, like a dance, when the strike, the strange fragrance dark, in the mind of the mesmerized, visions before the eyes. Chi Demon Gu after a hundred flowers fed, and then dozens of incense wood smoked, the body color light purple, slightly light.
Quchai point
Sinister Blood\nGu Descent
Sinister Blood Gu black body, strange fishy strange smell. Sinister Blood Gu drop cruel incomparable, need to penetrate the enemy's flesh and blood, and then the Sinister Blood Gu applied to the enemy's bones, and then the poisonous Gu into the bone marrow by itself, there is no medicine to cure.
Vital point
Internal Demon\nDescent
In the center of the devil Gu, the frenzy, like madness, not the death of the body can not stop. Heart demon Gu is the secret insect used by the Five Immortals to punish traitors, extremely difficult to refine, the form is also little known.
9 Yin Zombie Gu
To die in the most yin place, the fate of pure yin dead body refining Gu, so the "9 Yin Zombie Gu". 9 Yin Zombie Gu into the body of the living will be crazy growth, after eating flesh and blood will break the body out, like a large Chi.
Jade Ice\nSilkworm Gu Descent
Jade Ice Silkworm Gu is turquoise, walking like the wind, non-speedy like lightning descending Gu techniques can not be performed. This parasite strange poison to cold, can spit ice, once the ice invades the blood, the person immediately stiffened and died, the body does not decay after death.
King Golden\nSilkworm Insanity
King Gu golden silkworm is the king of the parasite, such as the golden silkworm, one in ten thousand. Golden silkworm poison as fierce as the fire, the person in the misery, pain. The administration of Gu need to respect the gods, or the king Gu backfire, self-harm.
A Hundred\nColors Marrow Insanity
Hundred color green marrow Gu to refine and breed ten thousand Gu, its color is nameless, its body is invisible, can fly to the sky and disappear, such as ghosts like charm, only the five immortal religion of Miaojiang subjugation secret method can drive, this Gu is very spiritual, can understand human speech.
None-Shape\nLittle Catch
The invisible small takedowns are stealthy and backwards, focusing on "left for right, right for left, left and right backwards; up for down, down for up, up and down backwards".
Left for right use
Lower for upper use
Picking Star\nMove
Picking the star style is light and quick, walking and turning line work is extremely flexible, pointing out that like an arrow away from the string, can be a hundred paces away to attack the enemy's vital heart, so "picking the star" is actually "picking the heart" also.
hit far
rob the heart
Jade Well Hands
As the saying goes, "The emperor hides ice in the well and gives it to his ministers on the day of ambush". The Jade Well Pulse Transformation Hand can lead the enemy's true qi to flow through his own belt veins, during which he uses his own pure yin power to transform the opponent's yang energy, causing him to die of exhaustion.
Latency Yin\nFinger
Fuyin pointed out that the entry does not reveal the line, the finger force secretly born dark hair, as if by the ice knife ice sword cut, the wound condensed white frost, even if you can save your life, this injury is also extremely difficult to heal.
Thunderbolt\n7 Stars Finger
The Seven Yao Fingers of Heavenly Calamity have seven forms: "Sun, Moon, Gold, Wood, Water, Fire and Earth", and each form has seven variations. Each of the seven forms has seven variations.
Mysterious\nFinger
The insidious and poisonous Xuan Hei Finger, whose moves are certainly strange and bizarre, and the finger has a gust of evil wind, the person's whole body turns blue, the internal organs are all frozen and destroyed, not suffering seven days of torture can not die.
Source Extinct\nHands
There are four stances in total, which are the untold masterpieces of Jie Qing Ya. It is called "Absolute Hand" because it is "the most strange and extreme power, never show any mercy, and there is no other method, and it is difficult for the person to survive".
Remnant 9
Remnant I
Staggered\nFinger
The "Wrong God" finger changes rapidly and is faster than the lightning of the mind, which is exactly the same as: "See it in the front, but it is already in the back, see it on the left, but it is already on the right".
Cranial Club Point
The Ultra One\nCrystal Finger
"Yin and Yang have not changed, the resumption of the indifference of the too vague, the beginning of God and not seen gas is also called too easy". Taiyi glazed finger no light and no image, the finger force invisible and nameless, pointing to the object, nothing is turned into pieces, as if scolding the stone into a sheep, divine to the extreme.
Poke Eye and\nCut Ear
Poking the eyes and cutting the ears is a common technique used by scoundrels in the marketplace when fighting, focusing on the "oblique cutting and smooth grasping, fingers do not leave the eyes", all of which are vicious moves disrespected by the Jianghu people.
Oblique cutting smooth grasp
keep your fingers in your eyes
Lock Throat
Locked throat Yin hand is good at sneak attack, deceitful and sinister, never show traces, until the enemy perceives the finger claws coming from a different position, has been closed for the Yin energy lock throat, suffer great secret injuries.
inch take short hit
Anti-throat lock
Separation of\nBone And Muscle
The "Splitting Tendons" and "Staggering Bones" are two techniques that are specifically designed to destroy the major joints of the enemy's hands, feet and limbs, and although their lethality is limited, they are painful and unbearable.
Tendon Separation
misshapen bone
Low-Body-Break\nFingers
Three Finger Yin Snatching Claw is the most infamous and ruthless finger technique of the Blood Hollow Sect, which is easy to learn and easy to practice, the only key point is the word "shameless", and its moves are all low and scurrying down, taking the armpit to snatch the Yin, and the person is inevitably disabled for life, and his descendants are cut off.
Scamper down low
Walking armpit to take the shade
Poison Dragon\nClaw
As the saying goes: "evil delusion born poisonous dragon, demons and the heart through". Poison dragon claw can five fingers together to send black mist, extremely shocking, its malicious poison directly attack the heart and lungs, the person will be five days after the mouth spraying black water and die.
Hade Finger
Yellow Springs, the finger has two: "One, this work is incomparably vicious, finger force Yin evil as yellow springs Yin wind; Second, the yellow springs finger, the evil poison is difficult to remove, the wound flesh and blood are not turned into yellow pulp gushing out".
Blood Pool\nGhost Claw
Blood pool ghost claw is to take the blood of human and animal cultivated by the secret evil technique. The ghost claw is severe and cruel, the blood flowing backwards, all sucked by the ghost claw, the more blood the ghost claw absorbs, the stronger the power.
Yuanshan\nJump Kick
"The hand is two doors, all by the legs to beat people, the bullet leg four hands, people are afraid of the ghost to see worry". Yuanshan's bullet leg is very precise and quick, the first emphasis is on the sudden and swift attack, the momentum is like a projectile, so it is called "bullet leg".
Sudden Impact
bullet like a pellet
Mandarin Duck\nCombo Kick
Mandarin duck serial foot step light body live, near can poke point feet, far can serial flying kick, the trick said: "there is up that there is down, there is left that there is right, left foot hair, right foot with, continuous, into a double spouse, called the mandarin duck".
Step light body work
Pairs of spouses
Tiger Tail
Tiger Tail Kung Fu is the art of intercepting and counterattacking, not only does the leg come out without warning, but also the leg force is strong and strong, sweeping the wind, and in times of crisis, the momentum is amazing.
8 Steps of\nSquared Up
The Nine Palace Chaotic Eight Steps are evolved from the Nine Palace Eight Trigrams, with a total of ninety-one variations of obedience, reversal, yin and yang, which can be used for attack and retreat, with a chaotic form but a whole meaning.
Canaan
north of
The Great Vajra\nKick
Powerful vajra legs from the Western region, the legs out of the rigid to the extreme, where to step, the rocks cracked, the trees fell to the wall destroyed, the power of pure, can be in the big bell iron tripod on top of the footprint of several inches deep.
thigh bone
Kick of\nMove The Mountain
"Five Ding, the ancient Five Rex also, a thousand jin force, no one is invincible". Five Ding open mountain leg has a total of moving, moving, pouring, open, open five styles, can be said to step on the stone can open the mountain, throw the foot can open the road, the force is incomparable, infinite power.
Cloud Dragon\n9 Kick
Cloud dragon nine appearing legs out of the leg is very fast, change extremely, can be in a moment between the kick out of nine legs, each leg force and direction is never the same, as if one into nine, so called "cloud dragon nine appearing" also.
Burgundy eight
Sundance
Divine Kick of\nAo King
Ao Wang divine leg foot hair ground sink, majestic and strong, is the town of the mountain of the great yuan mountain mastery. The ancients said: "the giant ao carries the mountain of Penglai, and dance play in the sea", so it is said that it has the ability to shock the mountains and rivers, turning the sea over the river.
two arsenic
Holy White\nElephant With 6 Tusks
The name comes from the six-teethed white elephant transformed by the Bodhisattva: the six tusks represent the "six divine powers of non-leakage"; the four feet represent the "four asymmetrical feet". This technique is very powerful and effective.
Yi She Cave
Conversely\nBeating As Rocking Sky
The aim is to attack the enemy in a moment of surprise with a surprising stance.
Head down and feet up
upside down
One Step Turn
Chai Shan step to step on the strange door recluse, step directly on the evil door, seemingly dangerous, but actually dynamic and static corresponding, although the danger is actually safe, the attack and defense of the situation only in one step will be able to turn.
Wounded Gate
Surprise Gate
Cuckoo's\nPecking
The cuckoo pecking spider style is light and agile, fast and dense jumping off, walking and turning, as if the foot does not point to the ground, the leg is as fast as a sudden rain, precise and incomparable, is the tip of the foot to attack the enemy acupuncture points of the strange leg technique.
feet not touching the ground
as fast as a sudden rain
Small 8 Moves\nof Gold Clank
There is a saying: "The empty mulberry medicine tripod judge life and death, the size of the eight stances to determine the universe", knocking gold and jade small eight stances is the essence of the empty mulberry school of legwork, swift and quiet, small and tough, the leg has a clanging sound, such as gold and jade strike.
ring jumping point
Flood Dragon's\nWagging Tail
The Qing Jiao tail swinging Kung Fu only one style, is the defeat in seeking victory, hurt people hurt themselves in a life-threatening attack, because of its vicious and fierce, unexpected, it is also known as "Qing Jiao broken tail with life and death style".
Shangqiu Cave
Flood Dragon's\nRolling Kick
The Qing Jiao Tumbling Leg is the unique leg technique of the Kongsang School, and when it is performed, it flips up and down, soaring into space, without a moment's pause.
Great 8 Moves\nof Sea-Blocking
The Eight Stances of Flying Mountain and Breaking the Sea is the essence of the Kongsang School's legwork, which is light, swift and fierce, with the power of wind and electricity sweeping, and the power of the mountain and the sea standing, worthy of the name: "Kongsang Medicine Tripod Judgment of life and death, the Eight Stances of the size of the world".
A Hundred Steps\nof Mysterious Tripot
Xuan Ding Hundred Steps is the first marvelous Kung Fu of the Kongsang School, as the scripture says: "Yin embraces Yang, Yang embraces Yin, and the will is in the Xuan Gong", this Kung Fu is self-generated and grammatical, with defense in the attack, the attack will be grim, the defense will be firm, and the subtlety and mystery is the best.
Yin and yang in each other's arms
Aspiration in the Palace
Lower Body Kick
Although the move is shallow, the degree of damage is no less than that of any evil martial art, and those who are hit are often deeply injured and cannot be humanely treated.
False shake diagonal entry
do sth. when least expected (idiom); to catch sb. off guard
Conversely Kick\nof Toad
Toad backward kick leg posture is bizarre, is the reverse body to the back of the stock sudden flying kicking unique techniques, can be issued out of thin air, without the need to perform borrowing momentum, do not know this leg technique is extremely vulnerable to its hidden harm.
work in unison
hand and foot exchange
Unpredictable\nKick
"The impermanent rise of the snake, blackmail in the blackmail, Xuanwu like to steal, the heart of the flesh jumping". Wu Chang foot false move is very much, all the enemy and the art of disturbing the enemy, only to wait for the enemy distracted, which will take advantage of the weakness and enter.
Teng Snakes
Xuanwu
Scorpion's Soul\nHook Kick
The scorpion's soul-hooking foot pokes and strikes are very accurate, and the changes are very fast, focusing on: "grabbing before and after the pounce, playing fast and slow, collecting and releasing suddenly, controlling static with movement", and the moves are all based on seizing the first opportunity, and the attack is especially severe.
swoop forward and grab back
flip-flop
Walk And Kill
Side kill is by the number of the god of evil and the transformation of the left should be Taiyin, the right should be White Tiger, which is: "White Tiger walking Taiyin, a step to eat a person, the two also have wings, the gods also lost their lives", can be described as a double foot, will kill.
White tiger
the Moon (esp. in Daoism)
Great Yin-Wind\nKick
The big yin wind leg start leg invisible shadow, out of the leg invisible shape, the leg force will be followed by the yin wind, can reach several feet away, when the person immediately limbs trembling, disgusted want to vomit, internal breath has been greatly damaged.
Shuiquan point
Yama Ghost Kick
There are ten styles of Yan King Ghost Foot, from the first hall "Qin Guang Wang" to the tenth hall "King of the Wheel", each style imitates the hideous posture of a Yan Luo when seeking life, the foot is strange and bizarre, the ghostly aura is eerie and horrifying.
Lightly pacing and stamping
Use slow and fast
Blood Shadow\nKick
The blood shadow leg is transmitted from the overseas extinct domain, the leg method is bizarre and weird, cruel to the extreme, the flesh is separated, the tendons and bones are broken, as if the body is hit by a jagged steel knife, the blood shadow is diffused, the body is broken into several sections and died.
Zhen Fragrant
"The hemlock feather as a thing, dipped in wine poisonous, drink it immediately dead". The method of hemlock feather incense can turn the medicine cream on the finger into a mist, this mist smells sweet and fragrant, like alcoholic wine, the person who is in it is like drinking hemlock wine and die immediately.
Dipping finger
Fragrance
8 Fairies\nof The Other Side
The Eight Immortals on the other side of the shore of the feminine hand, with eight fingers to send eight different kinds of poison, a variety of changes, extremely difficult to save, the only way to die, it is: "eight immortals to the other side, life and death come and go by no one".
Eight Finger Scattering Fondle
unified release and collection
Shock Dream\nFragrant
In order to apply the method of dream incense, you need to hide the drug cream in the mouth and nose, when the enemy, then you can surprise the enemy, breathing out the poisonous gas to control the enemy, the person who is poisoned by this poison, like into a dream, immediately faint.
Accessory Nose
Breathe in
Blood Narcissus
The poisonous blood will solidify when it meets the air, shaped like a six-petaled narcissus, stronger than gold and iron, and can be thrown to kill the enemy, who is killed immediately.
Raw flowers
blood clotting
9 Idiotic Fragrant
The so-called "nine idiots": "heart, sleeplessness, forgetfulness of meals, physical labor, dirty injury, uncertainty, joylessness, faintness of will, and nervousness". The incense of the nine idiots is like red mist, which can invade the skull and brain from both eyes, and the person who is hit cannot help himself and goes crazy.
eyesight
braindump
Black Water\nPoison
Black water broken intestines is to rain and dew water as a medium, pouring venom to kill the enemy's secret poisonous art of the Kongsang School, this poison is fierce and evil, immediately killed, the poisonous water emitted black and fishy, so the name "black water".
Apply breast
wash one's belly
Nippy Fragrant\nof Hundreds Evil
Hundred evil pinning incense invisible and colorless, the poisonous mist emitted when gathered and scattered, if not, the whole body of the person hit by the strange aroma suddenly, the strange poison has penetrated into the bone marrow, the smell of the same victim, can be described as infinite flow of poison.
drill bone
penetrating marrow
Flood Dragon's\nBlood
The poisonous frost into their own blood, three thousand times around, the five organs to the turbidity of the gas in which, then into the "blue jiao blood". Green Jiao blood when wounded, the most poisonous to evil, any grass, wood, gold and stone stained with it is turned into sewage.
fuse blood
Dispersion of complexes
Ghost Bone\nBlood Sea Otter
The ghost bone blood begonia is attached to the marrow of the practitioner's bones, with the flow of the body's meridians, the world's first strange poison, this poison once activated, can be issued with the internal Qi, the heart of the victim shows the red begonia flower mark, will certainly die.
enter the skull
Lacquer Heart
10 Methods of\nJieqing
Although there are only ten moves, the ten techniques of KAI Qing are extremely complicated, and the key phrase: "Hide your hands and hide your feet, one touch is all you need to do" is the root of all the concealed weapon techniques of KAI Qing.
conceal one's hands and hide one's feet
One Touch
Leaf Picking
Even if it is a very soft flower petal or leaf, once it is attached by internal force, it can also be turned into a sharp weapon to hurt people. The art of leaf picking and flower flying is based on the internal force attached to the concealed weapon, which is stealthy and invisible.
6 Hands of\nShadowless
There are 72 stances in total, each strike will be 12 strokes together, only because the technique is very fast, as fast as lightning, it is difficult to distinguish the sequence, no trace, 12 strokes like one, so it is called "six strokes".
Lightning fast
No trace
Shooting Star
"The lightning comes to shine on the object, and at first it becomes a meteor and overhead". The concealed weapon sent by the flying star technique has a strong internal energy, and its momentum is severe and rapid, looking like a flying star with a white flash.
Snapshot
The chaotic flying locusts are "grabbing things as you see them, throwing them as you see them, and throwing them with ten fingers in a row, with no time to spare", which seems to be chaotic, but in fact, it is orderly and chaotic, and cannot be performed by those who are fast and skillful.
Grab-and-Toss
Ten fingers in a row
Special Action\nof Trigram Map
The lines are transformed from the 64 hexagrams of the I Ching, and their forms are "up and down, not yet complete, with endless changes and residual power", while their qualities "take Kan and fill in Li, water and fire are both helpful, and qi and power are one", which can be described as subtle, mysterious and unfathomable.
top and bottom are not helping
take the kan and fill the li
Throw\nTweet-Dragon
The sound of the dragon throwing is amazing and extremely powerful, and the sound of breaking air is like the roar of a dragon and a lion, and the drums and horns are roaring together, implying four kinds of huge forces: drilling, pressing, going, and twisting, when the person does not fall apart.
Wuli Point
Divine Needle\nof Shadow-Stopped
"The acupuncture point is immediately closed, the action is immediately stopped, the breathing is immediately stopped, the breath is immediately broken, the person is immediately killed, the body is immediately cold, the body is immediately stiff, the shape and shadow is frozen", called "fixed shadow" also.
Divine\nNone-Thought
The thoughtless divine power is the invincible wonders of the Qing dynasty, after the completion of the gong, the real qi around the body is like a spirit, when the enemy is self-starting, when the enemy is in trouble, self-chasing, see the blood back, no need to think, the concealed weapons have been issued with the qi.
Flying Sand
Flying sand and walking stones is the unique concealed weapon technique of Fulong altar, all by hand and foot to stir up a strong wind to hold things to hurt people, the strike is not restricted to one pattern: hand can raise sand, foot can throw stones.
Sand raising
Stone Throwing
Thunder Fire
With a fierce technique to throw two objects, one slow and one fast, one first and one after, as if a fast thunder chasing fire urn, only to be two objects in front of the enemy collide with each other can be issued a very powerful shock, this is the "thunder and fire hitch" also.
dash
knockout
Dragon Spit\nDragon Ball
The so-called "dragon spitting pearl" is a strange technique of exhaling internal qi with profound power, and using it to urge concealed weapons to burst out and hurt people. When exhaling, the performer throat sound, rumbling as if the dragon whispering.
Divine Power\nof Red Blue Fire
The recipe says: "The left hand is the yin and the right hand is the yang, the left and the right turn by the yin and the yang". The power of red and green divine fire power must use both hands, the dark weapon issued by the positive and negative force traction and rapid rotation, the force multiplied dramatically, fierce than the fire.
Blood Burning
Burning blood work fierce and violent, fierce and incomparable, the performer's body is red, blood boiling like burning, although this work is too domineering can not last, but at this time a throw can give birth to a thousand pounds of huge force.
9 Refining of\nThe Sun
Nine refinements of the Golden Crow, also known as "nine injections of horizontal energy", is the nine strongest internal energy to the Yang Yang to the strongest on top of the object of the strange techniques, nine injections of horizontal energy is incomparably strong, the energy will be released, or hands and feet touching the immediate destruction.
Ghost Poison\nSand
Wild ghost poison sand moves are chaotic, no rules to follow, but the poison sand concealed weapons have always been not to the law as the fundamental, only the opportunity to adapt, surprise and victory is the key to its superiority.
Wrap Sleeve
bury oneself in
Decayed Worm\nSand
Although the toxicity is slow, it is extremely difficult to get rid of if it is half contaminated, so the person who uses this method must first wrap the poisonous sand in a cloth bag before he can use it.
Dump Bag
Hidden Bag
Bone-Corrosion\nSand
Bone rotten intestines sand hidden in the Yin femur, its quality is the most filthy, its poison is the most Yin evil, this sand from the Yin femur, the evil poison contained in the wind will be issued, even if the nurture of this poison sand will not dare to touch easily.
Joint Stock Overhang
Interstitial access
Grave Sand
As the saying goes: "one step withered bones, one step sand, step on the yellow grave ghost away from home". The yellow grave sand wrapped in the bottom of the foot, stretching the foot that is issued, the toxicity of the fierce evil, even the evil ghosts in the grave can not help but retreat, leaving the "home" and flee.
Foot wrapping
Drive
Golden Toad\nVoodoo Sand
Golden Toad five poisonous sand moves bizarre, extremely strong toxicity, need to secret method of poison sand embedded in the teeth and fingers and claws, when the enemy, just snap your fingers and blow will be able to kill people, the face is like gold paper, all the eyes are cracked and died.
Bone dipping teeth
Weaving claw making
Lady Poison
With gas to sand is certainly difficult, but the poisonous maiden sand technique can be the poisonous sand of the Royalty are separated, as if each poisonous sand are suspended above the thin wire, can be drawn at will to and from, like a fantasy.
Hanging Wires
Weaving the web
Bloodhound's Sand
The Bloodhound's Sand Technique is incomparable, it is a horrible technique that hides the poisonous sand under the tongue and throat, and then uses the strongest and strongest true qi in the dantian to spray out wildly to destroy the enemy.
Tongue Wrap
stare at the throat
Sword of Brushing Flowers\nand Darting Shadows
As the saying goes: "the sword does not work tail, the party is Emei". Flicking flower plundering shadow sword is light and elegant, the stance is continuous, like a swallow bird chasing a shadow, a butterfly through a flower, the sword tip never deflects, always pointing directly at the enemy's body.
Sword not tail
Butterfly through flowers
Way of the\nApe Elder Sword
It is said that it is the sword technique taught to the Taoist in Emei Mountain by the white ape in the mountain. Its stance is loose outside and tight inside, simple and dynamic, and the sword is used in both long and short lines, which is natural.
Loose on the outside, tight on the inside
Follow The Call From Nature
Way of the\nBaimei Sword
The White Eyebrow Sword Technique is a combination of attack and defense, soft and rigid, with the sword moving like a swallow flying and the sword falling like the wind stopping. It is called "White Eyebrow Sword Technique" because it was passed down from the ancestor of the Emei School, and can be considered the foundation of the Emei Sword Technique.
Flash let near take
unity of form and spirit
Intricate Sword of the\nLotus
The recipe says: "Feng Ze Zhong Fu is the guest from the master, water and fire are both helpful to the virtual reality". Although the Lotus Wonderful Sword moves to show weakness, avoiding the heavy, but can invisibly pull the enemy's momentum to move with me, and finally the virtual pole to create the real, weakness to win the strong.
Fengze Zhongfu
Water and Fire
Way of the\nYuenu Sword
Way of the Yuenu (lit. Yue Maiden) Sword is loose and flexible, light and magical, out will be to the gods, line will move the soul, it is: "body as if the warbler through the willow, sword like chasing the soul does not leave the person; win or lose only half hand, even if the Yue woman also lost soul".
avoid green into red
Sword Like a Soul Chaser
Sword Form:\nFading Rainbow
"Emei Sword Technique is wonderful into the gods, the residual rainbow a style to determine the Qiankun". The sword style of the residual rainbow sword is incomparably fast, it can be described as pouring its strength in a movement, its work in a blow, the momentum is like thunder, the sword out like a residual rainbow.
Divine\nSwordsmanship of Pure Girl
Jade divine sword high posture and handsome, clear and strange incomparable, gong into the natural, the machine contains a million changes, line sword intention floating, form timid, God light, lightly between the sword I have a total of one.
Wudang Swordsmanship
Wudang Danjian is the internal sword technique of Wudang School, which focuses on the unity of mind, spirit and sword, and the sword moves like the line of dragon, with the head and tail corresponding, the odd and positive, and the divine rhythm is free, and the path is accomplished with divine footing.
match the head with the tail
Odd and Right
Unchained Sword of\nWudang
Wudang Free Sword is light and rounded, the virtual and real use each other, the sword with the walk, the gods clear meaning clear, sword moves because of the enemy change, not constrained to become law, up like the air strike dance, fall like the wind sweeping dust.
Light and round
clear mind and clear heart
Way of the\nHalo Sword
White rainbow sword method is simple and unadorned, the sword all in front of the body a foot, the enemy into my attack, the enemy retreat I guard, the enemy sword time to time for my bond, can be said: "Shun people's style, borrowing people's strength, to static brake, after the first to arrive".
use a static brake
first in the post
Swordsmanship of The Ultra One Mysterious
There is a saying: "The sky is overturned and the birds fly, the ground is rolled and does not touch the dust, out of the seemingly invisible, go also no shadow". Taiyi Xuanmen sword hand divided into yin and yang, step on the nine palaces, the internal integration of its gas, external integration of its shape, can be described as the gods and shapes are also wonderful.
Kun Qi
Qian Yi
Pure Yang Sword Intent
The pure Yang sword intent is soft, active and spacious, calm and brave, focusing on "containing but not revealing, hidden but self-understanding, each method is consistent, there is a mystery inside", the sword qi is naturally developed, can eliminate ice and release snow, shine at night to subdue evil.
Roving Dragon Sword of\nZhenwu 
"Like a light wind without a sword, but see the sword light without a person". True wu wandering dragon sword line like a dragon out of the water, fixed like a spiritual snake catching mice, sometimes as if no sword, sometimes as if no one, can be described as the most subtle.
As if there were no sword
as if no one was there
Way of the\nTaichi Sword
Taiji Sword Technique brings together the qi of Yin and Yang, exhausts the Qi of heaven and earth, the sword is loose and natural, the body is quiet and the spirit is relaxed, continuous, heavy intention is not gravity, it is the first sword of the world's internal arts created by the founding master of Wudang School.
Loose and natural
the body is calm and the mind is at ease
Innate Lesser Yang\nSword Aura
The so-called "innate Shaoyang": "Shaoyang, a Yang of the beginning of the movement; innate, the origin of the heavenly man also. The innate Shaoyang sword qi is the personal essence of Yang Qi, the purest and most true, the most Yang and strongest.
Limitless Sword Form
The Wuji sword style has no sound, no color, no beginning, no end, and no name, so it is called "Wuji". The sword of Wuji is like a sword but not a sword, but it is a sword everywhere without a sword, which is the beginning of all swords and the end of all swords.
Like a sword, not a sword
Swords Everywhere
Way of the\nArhat Sword
Luohan's sword technique is rigid and unyielding, rigorous in law, the sword is steady and powerful, with very few twists and turns, and every time the sword is used, it is a Buddhist sword technique that uses defense as the attack, and is stable in all directions.
Legal rigor
Attack with defense
Way of the\nPudu Sword
Way of the Pudu (lit. Universal Salvation) Sword consists of 10 forms, pointing to the four sides of the body in ten different directions, and the sword is neutral and calm, only going and not returning, which is the meaning of "the sword sends out ten directions, and universalizes all beings".
Neutral and peaceful
Only go and don't come back
Sword of\nSeventy-Two Dveshas
Seventy-two anger sword is extremely fierce, not only the line sword straight up and down, such as making a single knife, and each sword move have a rebuke and anger and its sound is like thunder anger and electricity anger, especially amazing.
Straight up and straight down
thunder and lightning anger
Swordsmanship of Great Mercy
"Great compassion and all beings are happy, great compassion to pull up all beings suffering". The sword of great compassion has a strict law, always without slackness, seemingly defending the enemy but actually disciplining oneself, the sword power varies according to the enemy, the more evil the enemy is, the stronger the power.
Manjushri's Sword of\nGreat Wisdom
Manjushri Great Wisdom Sword has five styles, each with 500 small changes and 50 big changes, all of which can be divided and combined into one, so profound that even those with extraordinary intelligence cannot exhaust its mysteries.
Huizong point
Evil Vanquishing\nSword of Skanda
Wei pack voodoo sword swift and brave, sword out of the golden light, can instantly hit dozens of feet away, the strength of its power, as if Wei pack heaven holding a pestle to town the group of demons, inviolable, never fade away.
Sword of the\nSupreme Bodhi
The supreme bodhi sword is simple and calm, clear and pure, the sword does not give rise to fatigue, always resolves all delusions, its body is vast, its virtue is boundless, as if the Buddhas are the supreme ultimate righteousness, it is the true essence of the true fruit of the Buddhist sword.
Guangming point
Way of the\nDharma Sword
Dharma Sword Technique is righteous, both brave and straightforward in the right way to defeat the devil, but also not lose the subtlety of the subtle changes, it is: "body into meditation without thought, the sword walks the mystery of the ten directions of the circle".
upright and impartial
Ten Directions
Way of the\nReturning Sword
The so-called "coming and going": "going, throwing the sword to hurt the enemy, like an arrow leaving the string; coming, flying back to the sword, the sword does not touch the dust". The coming and going swordplay is clever and light, with strange moves, and the sword can be taken off at any time and returned at any time.
Sword Throwing
Return the sword
Way of the\nTrinity Sword
Three clear sword technique is the authentic Taoist sword art, sword moves are strict and simple without losing the subtlety, practiced to the most sophisticated depths, can be in a sword in three swords, called "one gas three clear" also.
Subtlety
One gas, three clearings
Flying Sword
The flying sword art is the unique secret tradition of the Ransan School, able to control the enemy from a hundred paces away with the inner qi to the sword, the sword is self-recovery, self return, as if the sword on the wings, as if the magic through the spirit.
Art of the\nClairvoyant Sword
There is a saying: "To observe the opening and closing of yin and yang in order to determine things, and to know the gateway of survival". The art of opening and closing the sword is based on the profound art of mathematics, knowing the four seasons and the six qi, so that we can see the shadow and the shape, and know the yin and yang of heaven and earth, and even see the endlessness of imagination.
see the shadow and measure the shape
Observation without Remainder
Sword of the\nWater Beetle
The water from the mother of the son of the sword changes subtle, because of the situation, the enemy unknowingly has been drawn by the sword moves, no longer difficult to get rid of, it is: "If the water from the mother of the son of also, out of the interminable, into the subtle, alone to come alone, no one can stop".
take advantage of the situation
come and go as you please
Sword of\nSun and Moon
Tai Bao Jiu Hua sword is the most precious Taoist sword, sword moves deep and mysterious, no external phase, sword power in the rigid in the soft, no lack of surplus, walking sword as if the gods in the side, a move are solemn and dignified, aura.
outer appearance
No balance owed
Sword of\nReversed Yin-Yang 
The so-called "yin and yang reverse sword": "the sword is sent like a collection, the sword goes like a return, to bend for stretch, with obscure but clear"; the line of sword reverse yin and yang, never with the sword's sharpness to hurt people, but in the dull and clumsy place of great power.
Against the Sun
retrograde shade
Origin Sword Intent
"Tai Shi is the unity of yin and yang, the beginning of the form". Tai Shi Sword Qi is transformed into form by Qi, with form but no quality, no quality so follow the can not, there is no birth and death, so and not bound by things, no control.
Fourteen Swords of\nEver-changing
As the saying goes, "There is no limit to the number of transformations". The Fourteen Swords of Ten Thousand Transformations are infinite and can be transformed into ten thousand things.
Twelve Thrusting Methods\nof Yuchang
Twelve fish intestine stabbing sword is fast and brave, small and light, although the sword moves are all straight stab, but the direction of the sword curved like a fish intestine, extremely fast changes, and can be sent close to the body, especially dangerous.
Midnight
People Determination
Gongbu the\nUnique Sword
Gongbu the Unique Sword is fierce and keen, sword force ruthless, out of the sword sharp, without flinching, depending on the enemy's blocking frame in nothing, if the incomparable sharpness of the sword out, more powerful.
Shengxie the\nReckless Sword
Sheng evil remnant sword a total of ninety-nine eighty-one, when the sword, each style never exhausted, so called "remnant", its style is remnant, but its power is constantly accumulating in the next style, so the more remnant stronger, a style more than a vicious.
style residue
Villainization
Juque the\nHeavy Sword
Juque the Heavy Sword consists of only 4 forms: The vertical cleave, reverse cleave, and left as well right sweep. Although its movement is incomparably clumsy, the sheer force of thousand pounds makes it unstoppable. However, since ordinary iron swords cannot withstand such force, it is extremely difficult to unleash the full extent of this technique.
Way of the Longyuan\nSeven Stars Sword
Long Yuan Seven Stars Sword Technique is profound and mysterious, extensive and magnificent, the upper should be the seven stars of the Big Dipper, the lower should be the mountains and rivers and mountains, the sword comes out like a dragon coiling, like a snake walking, if performed with a soft sword, the sword blade can also be winding and circling, its magic is not only multiplied.
chemical fighter
deep chasm
Tai'E the\nImmeasurable Sword
Tai Ah infinite sword is heavy and powerful, the power is strange, once the exercise, within a few feet around the flying sand and rocks, the wind is angry, the true power burst out, the group of fierce people to deter obedience, all covered in the vertical and horizontal under the sword qi.
blood sacrifice
subdue
Sword Intent of Pure Soul
Pure jun sword qi is the essence of the soul of the sword issued, its Wah like sunlight, like clear water, five colors and see, instantly a hundred miles, can break things without sound, can cut gold like mud, the more precious sword, the more pure its qi.
Way of the\nZhanlu Sword
Zhanlu Sword Technique was handed down by Ouyezi, the ancestor of sword casting, and is the most precious treasure of the Sword Casting Villa. This sword method exhausts the body and use of the sword, and reaches the nature and spirit of the sword, and the sword is happy to sound itself, and the sword is powerful when killing the enemy.
the ultimate use of the body
Insightfulness
Swordsmanship\nof Green Beard
Miao people have believed since ancient times: "the tree has a god, the stone has a ghost". Green beard sword technique is created by imitating the magical posture of the "sacred tree" hanging moss, with twisting and turning sword moves.
shake one's head and shake one's head
nine curves and eight bends
Swordsmanship\nof Billhook
The hook and sickle swordsmanship and the Chinese sword art is very different, as if the harvest shaving grass, moves against the drag and reverse, weird incomparable. Miao people are used to farming, good at making hook blade, so it is transformed into sword art, so it becomes "hook and sickle sword art".
Anti-dragging
reverse ruffle
Swordsmanship\nof Ghost Old Lady
Ghost granny sword is the Miao people "sacrifice ghost" use. This sword method is fast and changeable, weird moves are very much, the sword seems to shoulder crooked step, hobbling to defeat, but the sword force is unusually fierce, like a hungry tiger see sheep.
Crooked shoulder and slanting step
A hungry tiger sees a sheep.
Holy Wood\nSwordsmanship
The sacred wood warding off evil sword is from the calm and neat, fine and strange natural, sword force Yang and simple, vibrant, the song has a cloud: "all the evil to ward off easy to welcome spring, the sacred wood sweeping obscure is out of bud, big ghosts also fled, small children also fled".
Tianfu point
Soul Chasing\nSwordsmanship
"The sword is like a ghost, like a shadow following closely, killing without a face, taking the soul without seeing the person". The ghost face soul-chasing sword is like a ghost's life, walking sword will be hidden behind people, never face to face with people, incomparably bizarre and horrifying.
No face
Whip·Shadow
Holy Ruler\nSwordsmanship
God's ruler to cut the demon sword is strange and mysterious, can transport the sword when the invisible sword Qi issued to hurt the enemy, the sword Qi and the birth of a land of luster, illusion and indeterminate, seems to have the power to cut the demon and remove the magic.
Swordsmanship\nof Azure Spider
Green spiders are light and tricky, extremely poisonous and super worldly, and are the "supreme sage" of the Five Immortals. The Green Spider Sword Technique is the best of the spider's posture, moving like a thousand threads, as dense as rain, quietly, the form is broken, hidden in a million changes.
dense as fine rain
broken-hearted
Jieqing\nRapid Sword
KAI Qing Fast Sword is quick to send and receive, sensitive and fast, the foot does not stop, that is to go that stab, can in the blink of an eye while stabbing the enemy's body 17 vital points, as fast as the eider tends to leap, star stream lightning strikes.
Ready-to-go stabbing
Hoshiroku Electric Shock
Swordsmanship\nof Intercourse Breaking
KAI Qingmen specializes in making the sword of absolute righteousness, this sword method, although the moves are ordinary and unspectacular, but out of a common injury, hair is the same kill, the implementation of all the life together with the death of the life-threatening moves, especially feared by the Jianghu people.
co-injury
Same Killing
Sword Intent\nof Fear
"the sky decorated south three stars said salty pool, fish caught also, moving is the road is not pass, the world is defeated chaos". The salty pool sword gas is the gas of disaster, especially fierce and dangerous, the internal gas is closed, the true Qi rebellion, the spirit of destruction and death.
Jieqing Hidden\nRapid Sword
KAI Qing dark hand fast sword stance hidden, pay attention to: "hair no blade, no blood", out of the sword without shadow, as fast as the super dust of the wind, lightning fire, can break people's necks and never fall head.
No blade in sight
Collecting blood without seeing it
Swordsmanship\nof Kill
The killing sword is severe and vicious, only attacking but not defending, it is a desperate sword technique with advancement but no retreat, with death but no life. Kill the sword together, the sword operator will put life and death outside, the enemy died before receiving, until death.
There's a way in, but no way out.
There is no life without death
Swordsmanship\nof Netherworld
Underworld sword method Yin and soft harm, hidden and obscure, seemingly out of not out, not out has to, undetectable, unnameable, there is a way: "see the invisible, hear the silent, the underworld, so metaphor for the road and not the road".
Perfect\nSwordsmanship of 7 Ends
The so-called "Flawless Seven Absolute Sword" is a secret sword technique that cuts off "joy, anger, worry, thought, grief, fear, and fright" to the point of acting like a puppet, thoughtless and thoughtless, thus reaching the realm of sword transformation with flawless sword power.
Cut off the seven emotions
Acting like a puppet
Mysterious\nSword Intent
XuanMei sword qi to Yin to cold, bitterly cold and tragic cut, the sword qi envelope where the breath into frost, dripping water into ice, like ice pick of scraping bones, such as the harsh wind through the heart, when the person immediately turned into pieces of broken ice.
Blade of\nTrigrams And Elements
The Bagua Wu Xing knife has a total of 64 stances, when the knife is in motion, the feet step on the Bagua Palace formation, the knife hides the five changes, the steps follow the knife, the knife changes with the steps, continuous, inexhaustible.
艮土
Blade of\n6 Directions
Liuhe knife method is created in response to the changes of the six meridians of the earth, the guard is also strong, the attack is also strong, as the recipe says: "guard like the Wuwei merging earth, soft with rigid and tough; attack like the Chen You merging gold, the wind and thunder suddenly rise disaster".
Wu Wei Combined Earth
Cinnabar alloy
Blade of\nTiger Step Extremely Far
As the saying goes, "Beyond Kyushu there are eight yin, beyond eight yin there are eight vastnesses, beyond eight vastnesses there are eight poles". The tiger step eight pole sword is wide open and wide closed, the strength goes to the cross, sinking and degenerating, and the sword can reach the four sides and eight poles.
Power Walk Cross
Sinking and rigidity
Golden Blade\nof The Ultra One
Taiyi gold knife mixed sink natural, a breath of air, the intention of the five elements of yin and yang, the body away from the strange, knife force is strong, change is also fine, people called the Taoist knife method of "Jinhua" also.
Dry Door
Shock and Injury Gate
Blade of 7 Star
The Seven Star Sword Technique has 196 stances, which correspond to the changes of the seven stars of the Big Dipper in the four seasons.
Yu Heng
gamma
Blade of Endless
Wuji knife method style without constant momentum, knife without constant shape, mind without constant thought, God without constant master, subtle and mysterious, wisdom and courage without bounds, there is a way: "the law is endless, with infinite, infinite, no end, thought of the endless".
There are no regular patterns.
The mind has no constant thoughts
Heavenly Spirit\nBlade
The "Big Dipper" is a four-pronged sword, which is the center of the four directions, and resides in the sky, which is the true earth of Yang Essence. The Big Dipper Sword Technique is very powerful and powerful, and it is the ultimate attainment of the Daoist Dharma Sword, and it is also the true method of the Xuanmen Way.
Skyspin
Kaiyang
Divine Blade\nof Mysterious
Taixuan divine knife outside the yin and yang with the Chen, good and evil and see, in the inner letter to connect the gods, transformation and into the mystery, it is: "God war in the mystery of the sky and people together, the meditation of the cross with Fu into the transformation of the gods", the method of the mysterious and mysterious, wonderful.
God's War in Xuan
There is a mutual understanding in meditation
Ground Blade\nof Lion Face
The lion phase ground trip knife is the unique knife method of the lion phase door, focusing on: "line will roll, walking will fall, wrapped in a circle to wipe, the knife body connected", all the moves to slash the enemy's lower legs.
Steal two to seven
occupy five to take one
Rapid Blade\nof Mountain Cleave
Although the Stance is simple and crude, the sword is refined and simple, with no unnecessary Stance, but it is also brave and uncommon.
even the earth
In line
Shield Blade\nof Lion Phase
It is also called "chopping and hanging", which means "high is hanging, low is chopping". The lion-phase cleaving knife is wide open, large slashing, long and short, long and far, fierce and fierce.
Great chopping and chopping
Plagiarism without precedent
Tremendous\nEffort Blade
Nine cattle two tigers knife rigid Lu Yong, infinite force, each knife cut out are nine cattle two tigers of the huge force, even if only a slight shock by the knife force, but also inevitably skin open flesh, broken tendons and fractures.
Blade of\nAo Slashing
The "Ao Zang" knife technique has a low posture and is designed to cut the legs and feet. Legend has it that "Nuwa broke the ao is enough to establish the four poles", this knife method is called "chopping ao", meaning that one knife can cut off the pillar holding the four poles of Xuanhuang, the power of the great, extraordinary.
Overlord Blade
Overlord knife is strong and domineering, brave, there are a total of two types of knife and ten kinds of magic, this knife, like breaking the cauldron, there is no retreat, as if leaning on the sky and pulling up the ground, there are ten thousand men not the power.
Gold Lion Blade
"The Golden Geibi, is the demon is to suppress the evil beast golden lion also". Golden Geibi demon knife is incomparably strong, infinitely powerful, out of the knife and as a lion roar, a hundred beasts are terrified, the group is not deterred.
Column bone
Coiled Dragon\nGhost Blade
The Ghost Eight Style Coiling Dragon Sword is the first swift and fierce sword technique in the world, with eight styles: "Open, Hugh, Sang, Hurt, Du, Jing, Death, and Surprise", which means: "Stepping through the eight gates, the sword walks the Coiling Dragon, evil and severe like a ghost, angry and fast like thunder".
Wild Blade
Mad knife fierce and fierce, brave and unparalleled, the stronger the battle, the stronger the madness, the shape like the heart of the angry Geibi, like the tiger of the sick madness, is the most fierce in the fierce, mad in the most mad, the eight wilderness and six, no one can stop.
Blade of General
The recipe says: "If the enemy steps, I will tend to, if the enemy tends to, I will chase". Xinting Hou's saber is strong and upright, bold and courageous, aggressive, following the enemy's body and moving at all times.
step by step
converge on it
Blade of\nMaster Ruan
Ruan's swordsmanship is spacious and generous, twisting and turning, entering like a plow, retreating like a whirling cart, with the tip of the sword, the back of the sword, the blade, the hilt, and the head of the sword to perform all kinds of powerful killing moves, especially the seven styles of the head of the sword are the most powerful.
advance as if plowing a field
Back like a spin car
Battle Blade\nof Dragon Sparrow
Daxia dragon sparrow hundred battles knife courageous and decisive, the law is strict, the knife momentum soaring air swept the ground, such as the wind and grass, knife method a thousand refinements, far-reaching origin, non-ancient sharp weapon is not enough to show its majesty.
Bifurcation
Blade of\nJade Carving
As the old saying goes, "To cut jade, one must use the Kunwu knife". Although the Kunwu knife technique is not a jade cutting technique, but the moves are flexible and subtle, with many changes, and the knife is like carving jade, delicate and exquisite, also like the Kunwu's jade cutting, when the person is broken inch by inch.
Foot chasing close to the body
break an inch and leave an inch
Blade of\nGhost Chef
The ghost Butcher knife method frame position strange small, knife position strange dangerous, moving knife is very little, the enemy body has been solved, there is a way: "Butcher untie the cattle, swimming edge, with God encounter and not with the eyes, the officer knows to stop and God wants to line".
Butchering the cow
handling a butcher's cleaver with ease
Red Blade of\n7 End
The so-called red knife of the "seven extremes": "one is to carry the mountain, two is to break the water, three is to walk frost tiptoe clouds, four is to drive the light to move the scene, five is to return to the wind back to the fire, six is to shake the ground by forcing the yang volt, seven is to return to the right hide to change the shape".
concealed by yin and concealed by yang
Return to the Righteous Collection
Incomplete\nBlade
Swift and unparalleled knife style, human knife as one, the line of knives turn like a gyroscope, spinning like a hurricane, the enemy has been the death of a thousand knives, before hearing its sound, before seeing its knife light, is a rare fast knife skills in the world.
remnant of a voice
Residual Light
The Last Blade\nof Minghong
Ming Hong absolute knife is very powerful, non-human can manage, once performed, the operator will fall into the control of the knife method, with the knife will be invincible in the world, against the knife will be immediately subject to the backlash and die.
Shun Sang
Against Death
Vajra Blade
Vajra knife method is steady and heavy, strong and powerful, knife moves turn very little, pay attention to: "strong to attack strong, to just overcome just", as if the steel knife is the indestructible protector of the Vajra.
Rakkhasa Blade
The Rakshasa sword technique is created in imitation of the posture of the evil ghost Rakshasa, which is weird and hideous, fast and horrible. Its advance is fierce and vicious, making a wrathful appearance, as if it wants to eat human flesh and blood; its retreat is beautiful, making a playful smile, especially demonic and evil.
Terrifying
Angry in and out
Blade of\nEvil Influence
Devil's block is not only an obstacle to practice, but also a teacher and friend of the true path. The more the mind is sharpened, the stronger the sword power will be, and when the demons are receded, the sword method will be completed.
Induction grinding
refundable as usual
Blade of\nSoul Heat
The "Spiritual Heat" is created by turning the internal energy into internal fire, and is attached to the blade with the Spiritual Heat, thus becoming the Spiritual Heat Knife. Spiritual heat knife is stronger than steel, sharper than a needle and awl, fierce as a blaze, and can be sent through the air.
Blade of\nVajra Fall
As the saying goes, "Vajra is angry, so it subdues the four devils". The divine power of the Vajra is incomparably solid and strong, and it has the divine power of destroying foreigners, which is especially formidable and fearful.
Vajra Prajna\nBlade
"Vajrapani" is the true wisdom and power of Vajra. The Vajrapani sword is the essence of the Vajra sect's sword technique, with extremely strong and powerful power. No matter what obstacles are encountered, the power of the sword never decreases and its momentum never shifts.
Ruyibaolun\nBlade
Although there are only seven stances, but the sword "like the Buddha's statement, round and unhindered, running endlessly", but seems to have an endless knife moves and power, where the treasure wheel turns, all the demonic differences are broken by it.
Blade of\n6 Mighty Powers
With the tantra to use the vajra blade, the mouth chanting "Om, mana, thunder, ba, mimic, un" six words of truth, can generate endless power, infinite blessings, out of the knife and show the six divine powers, this is the six divine power knife.
Blade of\nMahakala
Mahakala knife is the supreme of all protective divine power of the vajra sect, the transmission of four supreme law: "one said the infinite number of ghosts and gods dependents, two said the seven mothers of the heavenly maiden to give blessings, three said the mound to suppress ghosts and evil, four said the life of the rich and unbroken".
Blade of Fulong
The Fulong sword is strong and powerful, with the unity of movement and stillness, concealing the changes of Qi Men Dun Jia, following the law of the nine stars of transportation, and the stillness of the middle palace to control the four directions, and the movement of the broken army to cut the small group.
Heavenly Bird
Tian Chong
Drunk Blade
The nine palace drunken knife first emphasis on the palace formation of the walking turn, line knife seems half drunk half awake, half tilted half slanted, but in fact, the form of drunken intention is not drunk, drunken step heart is not drunk, false guard and real hair, meet the strike and avoid, take advantage of the gap and enter, pointing east to hit the west.
Sunda Palace
detached palace
4 Slashes of\nDragontooth
Dragon's tooth four cuts, although all the fierce cutting and hacking of the straight knife move, but the power is amazing and should not be underestimated. The chop has four: "a cut bull broken head, two cut tiger broken forehead, three cut long whale cracked spine, four cut dragon broken tail".
Blade of\nMindsets And Thoughts
The six hearts and four minds knife line stop without traces, like drunkenness and fascination, wanting to enter and retreat, wanting to east and west, knife moves in the twist and turn changes extremely, can not be inferred by common sense, there are ghosts and gods out of the strange.
Tianfu
canopy
81 Slashes of\nMadness Dragon
The 81 cuts of the mad dragon are all in the fierce pattern of the odd gate, and are fierce and vicious to the extreme. Its start is called "snake", which means "false alarm and unrest, all things are unfavorable"; its fall is called "dragon escape", which means "six animals are injured, all things are bad ".
beat the snake prematurely (idiom); fig. poised and able to make a clean start
Green Dragon Escapes
The Great\nDrunk Blade of Yinyang
Each knife move has positive and negative yin and yang: the yang is applied with the back of the knife, like a dragon manifesting itself and soaring; the yin is applied with the blade of the knife, like a ghost, concealing itself.
Dragon Transport
ghost evasion
Dragonslayed\nBlade of Innocent Child
"Drunk in the East China Sea, fallen rainbow, woke up in the Penglai Haunted Palace of Immortals, ten thousand taels of muddy gold cast red son, an inch of heart cut white dragon". Red Son Dragon Cutting Knife is the true fire in the flame, stone in the red gold, pure and flawless, the essence of the strongest.
Hegemony\nBlade of 9 Dragons
Nine dragon hegemony sword is fierce and unmatched, invincible, line knife flying domineering, carefree, tangible chopping shape, invisible chopping shadow, knife is all true power, can be described as powerful and pluck the world, brave and super dust.
Tibia
Shaolin Staff\nof 6 Directions
Shaolin Liuhe Baton stance is clear and fast, not simple and not complicated, still straight take fast attack and avoid wandering, out of the stick to pay attention to the "inner three heats" and "outer three heats", inside and outside together, six heats together, so the name "Liuhe Baton "Liuhe".
Straight and fast
The force of will is in harmony
Shaolin Staff\nof Yin-Yang
The so-called "yin and yang stick" is because this stick method is divided into two groups of stances: internal and external, upper and lower, and riding and stepping, and the two groups of stances can be used separately, as well as high and low, up and down together.
High and low use
Top and bottom together
QiMei Staff of\n18 Points
The 18-point Qimei Baton is about "striking at random and hitting a group of enemies with the Baton", which can attack 18 enemies in one move, and can also apply 18 strikes to the same enemy at the same time.
hit with a random stick
Beat the group of enemies with a stick
Yakkha Staff
The big and small nightstick can be put long and strike far, but also close into the arms, and more reverse pick, fast point, poke and other severe techniques, it is "three parts stick method seven parts gun method", both short and long, also stick and gun.
Long and short term use
Both stick and gun
Staff of\nSheep-Hunting Tigers
The five tigers herd sheep stick is strict and imposing, when the stick is used, the whole body is under pressure, the upper, lower, left, right and left are all in one, and can attack the enemy, and the stick force is fierce, the enemy is like a tiger entering a flock of sheep, and is unstoppable.
Full body weight
A tiger in a flock of sheep
Shaolin Staff\nof Madness
Shaolin crazy devil stick sweeping southeast and northwest, evil cleavage in all directions, fierce and clever, stabbing the sky and hitting the ground, to avoid the taboo of not respecting the orientation of heaven and earth, so the name "crazy devil", is not a bit "crazy" attitude.
in all directions
stabbing the sky and hitting the ground
Skanda Staff
Vedic demon-subduing staff is strong and courageous, incomparably heavy and majestic, under the staff envelope, everywhere is invisible astral energy, attack can destroy the evil to complement the righteous, to eliminate the devil to defend the way, the defense is also strong and unbreakable, solid as a golden fortress.
Guanmen point
Zhi Zheng Acupuncture Point
The Great\nWisdom Bodhi Staff
"Shaolin martial arts is the true meaning of the true fruit of martial arts. Da Zhi Bodhi staff method in the martial arts is transcendent and wonderful, and in Zen, it makes people see the truth and realize the truth, which can be called "Zen and martial arts unity" of the supreme righteousness.
Yinmen Point
Dharma Staff
There is a saying: "stick is the ancestor of a hundred weapons", Dharma staff method is the ancestor of all stick art staff method. Dharma staff method has a total of forty-eight styles, is the Dharma ancestor of the true art, its method is exquisite and ancient, divine.
Spear of Evil
The evil fury gun style moves rough, out of the gun fierce exception, the force will be exhausted, the momentum will be the end, in the person in their own do not leave half a margin, as its name, as if the fierce god evil fury general.
Soul-Severed\nSpear of 5 Tigers
As the saying goes: "an inch long, an inch strong, the stick hit a piece, the gun stuck a little". The five tiger soul-breaking spear has little variation, but it is especially good at attacking the short with the long, and taking the enemy's body to the vital point with a long and straightforward momentum.
the gun does not show the handle
Long Drive
8 Mother's\nSpear of Lion Phase
Lion phase eight mother gun is the essence of the spear technique that has been passed down from generation to generation in the Lion phase family, a total of "sealing, closing, lifting, capturing, taking, stopping, returning, wrapping" eight styles, this eight style that is the fundamental of all gun techniques, so called "mother gun" also.
stable and stable
The Eight Laws of Harmony
General's\n16 Spear
Huanhou sixteen guns calm and firm, the law is extremely strict, stop must "hand, foot, gun, three tips shine", line must "circle, shake, shake, gun round like a dragon", it is: "gun round like a dragon infinite power, three tips shine mountain hard to shake ".
shine a light on three tips
Guns round like dragons
Spear of\nUniverse
Qiankun gun method has a total of 64 stances, is from the sixty-four trigrams in the innate sky out of the strange gun method, its changes are certainly wonderful, but also does not lose the lion phase door of the fierce style, can be said to be soft but also rigid, rigid and soft.
Kun tends to Sundown
Dryness tends to shock
Spear of\nMountain-Shaking Beasts
Hundred beasts Zhen Yue gun stance although straight, although the gun is slow, but the gun force is thick, majestic, rumbling like a hundred beasts roar among them, mountains and rivers are not for its shock.
pedestal
Lion Spear of\nMadness Dragon
The man looks like a lion, the gun looks like a mad dragon, the man has the power to deter the ghosts, the gun has the power to overthrow the earth. Dragon and lion gun can be united, can also be divided into two, combined with the power of infinite, divided by the fierce incomparable.
Overlord Spear\nof Dragon
The Tolong King's spear is created by Xiang Yu, the king of Chu, and cannot be mastered by anyone other than a man of unparalleled power. The King's spear is magnificent and brave, fierce and fierce, and it has the power of ghosts and gods, which is difficult for a thousand armies and invincible for ten thousand men.
Dragon-Defeated\nStaff
The Dragon Subduing Baton Technique is rigorous and steady, with a clear distinction of movement and stillness, focusing on: "If the enemy does not move, I do not move; if the enemy wants to move, I move first", using the square and rounded batons, curving and coiling low, looking like a coiled dragon lying on the ground.
Quban low
Waiting for the opportunity to move
Staff of\nSweep Cloud
There are fourteen stances in total, which correspond to the fourteen main stars of the astrological Dou Shu. The sticks are light and spacious, with the first emphasis on sweeping and splitting, and the shadow of the sticks is faintly glowing with haze, and if the sticks are used to sweep the haze, the haze will be even stronger.
Rucun
Wu Qu
Staff of\n10 Directions
The ten directions of the staff is majestic, with great opening and closing, and the beginning of the stance is always with the head of the staff pointing to the sky and the tail of the staff pointing to the ground, meaning: the top of the sky and the ground, all ten directions are between my staff, and all ten directions belong to me.
Nine Lands
The Nine Heavens
Staff of\nGhost Head
The Ghost Head Baton Technique is mysterious, rigid and fierce, with the coexistence of false lead and real strike, each style can be improved by retreating and turning from advance to retreat, and even if it hits the enemy's body, the power can be instantly transferred between the real and the false, which is unpredictable.
Lianzhen
Staff of\nGold Eyes Tiger
The Golden Eye Xuanhu Baton Technique is thick and heavy without losing swiftness, brave without losing ingenuity, and has many blindfolds, and if it can be performed with a jeweled staff, it can perform countless dazzling techniques to control the enemy.
pester
Barrier shape
Staff of\nMystical Island
Penglai immortal ruler stance is exquisite, a total of 91 stances, each style and nine different changes, the implementation of the seemingly non-existent, come and go without a trace, can be described as impeccable, difficult to block difficult to defend.
Wolverine
Broken Army
Divine Staff of\nOcean Carry
As the saying goes: "The white jade pillar of the sky, the purple gold beam of the sea". The staff of the God of the Sea is incomparably brave and infinitely powerful, with which the staff of a thousand pounds can be used like an arm, lifting the weight as lightly as possible, and its method of energy is incomparably unique and rare in the world.
as the arm moves the finger
Lift the weight like a light weight
Iron Staff of\nMixed Element
It is not only powerful and strong, but also exquisite and marvelous, with the staff being interlocked and circulated in an endless way, and the power of the staff is not soft but rigid, with both yin and yang, as one.
Cycle without end
not soft, not rigid
Stab of\n5 Elements
The five elements of the thorns are fast, flexible and clever, and the left and right twin thorns can contain different changes of the five elements.
Xunguang to Zhen
Qiankun to Tui
Stab of Lost Soul
There is a saying: "See it like a good woman, take it like a fearful tiger". The soul-lost stab moves are hidden and hard to detect, and the action seems soft and feeble, but the counterattack is exceptionally swift, so the enemy will be caught off guard and lose his mind in fear.
see like a good woman
take like a tiger in fear
Beauty Stab
The beauty of the thorn light, soft and active, delicate, quiet as a virgin, moving like a rabbit, the strike is to let to avoid its sharpness, the enemy received that follow to strike its inert return, always not arrogant, as if it were.
Let's get out of the way
if it's not, it's not
Stab of\nDexterity Snake
"Poisonous like a two-headed snake, ruthless like a two-tailed scorpion". Spiritual snake stab is as fast as lightning, swift than a meteor, is a special attack on the enemy's knees, instep, toes, heel of the strange stabbing method, double cone of green mane into the ground at times, like a spiritual snake hovering.
Green mane into the ground
ebullient like a snake
Shadow Stab
It is difficult to dodge and difficult to let go of the shadow stab, never elusive, as fast as lightning and fire, especially good at hiding the shape of the shadow, as the saying goes: "with his form when I am invisible, what can he do, what can I do to find".
Divine Needle\nof Meditation Wisdom
The so-called "fixed wisdom" means "to enter into meditation by abandoning distracting thoughts, and to generate wonderful happiness from meditation, and to generate wisdom from wonderful happiness, and finally to let go of thoughts and quietness, with no more hindrance".
Pure Girl's Stab
Jade Lady thorn high posture floating, disorienting and invisible, people do not see their attack, do not see their defense, do not see their attack has been attacked, do not see their defense has been guarded, come without shadow, go without trace, such as ghosts, like a spiritual shuttle.
seemingly offensive but not offensive
seemingly guarded but not guarded
Immortal\nNeedle of Golden Top
The Golden Peak Immortal Needle is issued by the internal energy of the Hunyuan, which is concerned with: "the desire to view the orifices, no desire to view the wonders, where a thought wants to move, when heaven and earth are not shaped", its power is invisible and without phase, and its method is indebted to no surplus.
Tripping Spell
Although the spell is called "spell", it is not the evil spell of the Jianghu warlord, but the unique secret technique of driving the internal energy from the enemy's foot to make him fall and get injured.
Disable
If the victim is not strong enough, he or she will easily fall into a state of paralysis and disorientation, as if he or she has been fixed by a spell.
be at a loss for words
Gods apart
Shocking Spell
The Ghost Scare talisman can subdue demons and suppress ghosts, and can send out very strange internal energy, this internal energy is harmless to the enemy's body, but very strange, incomparable horror, there is a saying that "shock is gas chaos", the person inevitably gas rushed to the skull and brain and died.
indecisive
face unmasked
Summoning\nThunder
"Five thunder three thousand generals, thunder flow eight barbarian soldiers, fire light burns the world, evil demons turn into dust". Five thunder invocation incantation is a strange art of gathering true qi in the hands, feet and heart, bursting out lightning and powerful to destroy the enemy.
Hexa-Jia Arcane\nBenediction
Nine words of the true word incantation is the Ransan school of breaking the enemy secret method, also known as "six armor secret wish", the wish said: "the fighter, all array forward", this nine words of the true power of the secret wish, mysterious and incomparable, nothing can be opened.
Secret of the True Word
against all evil spirits
The Puppet's\nSealing Spell
The so-called "Mu Gong" is also the "East King Gong". The incantation of the wood Gong is so powerful that it can bind all the demons and devils by the Qi of Donghua, and the person who is under this incantation cannot move his body, cannot speak, cannot turn his mind, and cannot change his mind.
The 7 Whites'\nExorcism
"West true seven white, Hua Guang Jin De, burn demons and cut off the rebellion, to stop you ghost traces, urgent and speedy, Yang Wei kill power". Seven white body breaking method is a great sound, moving like thunder, can break all the demon confusion ghost trap, the magic barrier monster wall.
Bless of\nThe Stars
The Nine Stars Golden Light Incantation can move the power of the nine yao and send out the essence of the nine stars. This incantation is incomparably powerful and infinitely divine, and can eliminate stones into powder and iron into ashes, remove 98,500 kinds of evil spirits, and sweep away the darkness of all things.
Almighty Spell
The mystery of the talisman is infinite, and the subtlety of the vacuum is that the talisman is written in one talisman, the mantra is edited in one mantra, the law is melted in one law, the god is transformed in one god, everything is returned to the origin, and everything is solved in nothingness.
Royal spell to transform God
Subtle Vacuum
Rock-Breaking\nPoke
The mortar and pestle is strong and powerful, the attack is fierce, hitting the stone can become powder, hitting the iron can produce traces, it is all based on a brutal force of courage and hair, once hit by it, the bones are bound to break.
Dharma\nProtector's Poke
The pestle and mortar are mostly defensive in response to the enemy, the pestle and mortar are calm and strong, solid as steel, its attacking technique is particularly special, it is to protect the whole body first, and then push the enemy with brute force, although attacking but still defending, without losing prudence.
Demon's Poke
Rakshasa mortar and pestle method is raging, very fierce and vicious, the strike will first run and leap, the attack is extraordinarily severe and vicious, it is: "its up like a mad tiger pouncing on people, its fall as if the evil ghost of the soul".
like a tiger pouncing on a person
like a ghost taking over the soul
Vajra's Anger
The pestle and mortar have a total of 18 stances, which are powerful, heavy, strong, and indestructible, and show the wrath of Vajra.
complete bone
Chakravarti\nPoke
The Great Wheel of Vajra is the "King of the Wheel of Dharma". It has the power of destroying karmic obstacles and the wisdom and virtue of breaking confusion and relieving disasters.
Yamantaka\nPoke
The Mahamudra Vajra is so fierce and powerful that it can subdue demons, hence the name Mahamudra, and has the power to protect goodness, hence the name Mahamudra. There are 34 postures and three methods of body, speech and mind, symbolizing the Bodhisattva's 37 teachings.
Magical\nTreasure Tree
It is said to have 8,000 stances, seven major actions, and 50 billion kinds of changes. It is like the Ruyi Treasure Tree, with seven precious leaves, seven precious nets, and 50 billion wonderful flower palaces.
Acala Poke
The Fudao Ming King is the supreme of all kings, and the Fudao Ming King's mortar and pestle is the supreme of all mortar and pestle methods, its power is so great and strong that it cannot be shaken.
Whisk Swipe
There is a saying: "holding a duster is not a mortal". The whisk is a Taoist magic weapon, the whisk work also from the Taoist law and born, the first emphasis on natural and unrestrained, to "continuous, one breath" for the application of the key.
continuous
in one fell swoop
Wudang\nMetallic Swipe
Wudang Iron Dust can be issued to the soft dust to firm than steel, weighing up to a hundred pounds of strong force, is soft but also rigid, rigid in the soft Wudang school unique dust technique.
San Li acupoint
Taichi Swipe
The two yi duster is divided into six methods of "unique yin, unique yang, harmony, mutual ease, turbid and clear, revealing and hiding", with a total of 36 stances, which are exquisite and varied, with yin and yang, connected at every stage, like a chain.
masculine and feminine
reveal the yin and hide the yang
Laojun Swipe
"Tao also changes in form, who can know the real". Laojun whisk work is unpredictable, simple and profound, with the use of the whisk, the whisk will seem to become a spiritual thing, there are millions of soft silk will have millions of changes.
Yin-Yang Invert
The wrong inverted yin and yang whisk is incomparably special: "see it like a green silk, the body is like a sharp sword; see it like an iron ruler, the body is like a spiritual snake", it cannot be predicted by common sense, it is a strange whisk technique that reverses the shape of rigid and soft, the power of the wrong yin and yang.
reversal of rigidity and flexibility
Misplaced Yin and Yang
The Ultra One\nSwipe
Taiyi Yun Fu Kung Fu is elegant and natural, continuous, like the flowing water of the mountain, like the moving air of the heavenly horse, subtle and mysterious, infinite changes, the moves are not constrained to the form, can turn nothing into something, to control the enemy through the air.
Heavy Swipe
The dust sweeping work is heavy and strong, contrary to the light and gentle nature of the dust, every move has a "mountain rain is coming to fill the building" momentum, the force is deep like abyssal water, immovable like a mountain, the force is up to a thousand pounds, the power is huge.
mountain rain is coming
immovable as a mountain
Formless Swipe
"Xuan, the Tao, but the Tao body is invisible, so it is called empty". XuanKong ShenFu XuanQi profound, from the road and born, no teacher no ancestor, no beginning and no end, the moves can be self-generated biochemical, so there are infinite use of infinity.
Snaking Whip
Yellow scale whip method is flexible, crisp and sharp, contains the "positive, negative, flat, oblique" the essence of all the five whip techniques, collection and release coiled like a long snake with golden rings, so the name "yellow scale".
(of a speech or actions)
five-flowered stalker (TCM)
Centipede-Like\nWhip
Because of its fast and dense moves, and its ability to manipulate the whip tip with internal force to attack the enemy from an extremely tricky angle, it is named "Centipede", which means that it is like a centipede's drill crawling, and has no holes.
Many hands, many feet
Pervasive
5 Divine Whip
"Spider, snake, scorpion, toad and centipede" is the "Five Saints" of the Five Immortals religion. The Five Saints whip method is created by imitating the different forms of five kinds of poisonous creatures, integrating the five characteristics in one, which can be described as both dynamic and static attack and defense, rigid and soft yin and yang.
Both offensive and defensive
Five Poisons in One
Bone-Breaking\nWhip
Soul crushing whip harsh and swift, vicious and unusual, the force of the ruthless far better than ordinary swords, spears and halberds, as if the body is cut by the saw blade, sharp hooks of tearing, flesh without rupture, tendons and bones without breaking.
Back to the brake also sweep
suffer serious injury to the bones and muscles
Dreadlord's\nMetallic Whip
Chi iron whip is a secret technique of the Miao people since ancient times, there is neither a pan turn dance flowers, nor whirling storage, but said hair will be sent, said up, can make a soft whip straight into the straight out, shaking sound like thunder, issued a huge force of a thousand pounds.
Straight in and straight out
shake like thunder
Jade Breaking
Broken jade rope fast and fast like the wind, is the ultimate in pan flower whip technique, the trick said: "flower catch flower, flower set flower, a change of movement, a change of a flower, such as a budding flower shape is still in, put as a flower blooms and is everywhere a flower".
budding
Blossoms
Spider Silk\nWhip
The immortal spider capturing the python is light and soft, fast and dense without shadow, exquisite and incomparable, ingenious, like the immortal spider, which can take off into the air and capture the enemy with the strange technique of flying threads, which is the unique secret of the Five Immortals Church in Miaojiang.
come early and make a flying start
Flying wire alignment
Dragon Whip
"Baron, the great snake, Baron's great, can eat elephants, three years old, the bones of the party". Baron divine whip is incomparably strong, fierce and incomparable, with the power of dragon tiger cu, with the power to move mountains and swallow elephants.
Dragon and tiger cu
move mountains and swallow elephants
Sky Snake Whip
The Heavenly Serpent Rope has been handed down from the ancient times, and its origin is untraceable, and it is the unparalleled secret of the Five Immortals of Miaojiang. It is a divine technique with infinite changes and illusions, and it seems to have arrived before it enters, and it seems to have returned before it retreats.
Before it is already here
Not yet returned has returned
Needle Control
The art of imperial needles is the unique technique of the Hundred Flowers Valley, which can manipulate fine needles with internal force across the air, so that they are applied to the major points around the enemy's body without missing a drop of blood, although it is born from the medical art of acupuncture to save lives, but it can also kill without seeing a drop of blood.
5 Elements\nPinprick
The five elements of the plum blossom needle is extremely fast and varied, with five different acupuncture points closed by "gold, wood, water, fire and earth", and the acupuncture points closed by these five needles need to be treated with the corresponding Shengke acupuncture method.
Burgundy and Kun interoperate
Sundown and dry use each other
Chilling Pinprick
The cold ice stabbing method can be used to stab into the enemy's body acupuncture points with an unusually dense pure yin internal qi into ice needles, which are invisible and qualitative, and once they enter the body, they will cut off the acupuncture points and veins and attach to the tendons and bones, which cannot be rescued by ordinary techniques.
Bianque Pinprick
It is particularly difficult to learn, as the acupuncture points are all located in unknown and strange veins and points outside of the meridian that are rarely known. Although seven out of ten of this technique has been lost, it can still be considered ancient and exquisite.
Neiguan Point
Vitality\nLosing Pinprick
Broken Yuan long needle is very powerful, killing power is very strong, the acupuncture points are not closed, but open, in the person's body Qi pouring out, if not rescued in time, all life energy will be lost under this needle.
Deadly Pinprick
The so-called "needle dead not needle alive", meaning: "this needle method under the only dead, even if the person is not dead for a while, there is no possibility of life", is to kill without saving, there is no death without life of the absolute needle also.
9-Needle Strike
The Six Strings and Nine Needles Technique is a unique secret technique of Hundred Flowers Valley that uses six invisible internal qi to manipulate nine long needles at the same time. This technique is incomparable, change like a god, nine needles can be divided into, can also be combined to attack, as if to know the will of man, as if psychic.
Meridian\nBreaking Pinprick
It is a miraculous method that can destroy the enemy's whole body meridians in one stroke.
Autumn Equinox
6:
12-String\nNeedles
The twelve-string needle function uses twelve invisible internal qi to manipulate countless long needles to pierce 72 major acupuncture points and 36 unnamed acupuncture points of the human body at the same time, which can be said to be unparalleled in the world, and is the best attainment of the Hundred Flowers Valley's acupuncture technique.
Mechanic\nSwallow
It can be combined in very few steps, and it can be dispersed into several short darts after flying out, which can be used to point at the enemy's hands, feet, neck and eyes.
Hidden Sharpness
Points
Mechanic Hook
Although the structure of the wrong bone hook is simple and easy to assemble, but the moves are ruthless and cruel, after piercing the enemy's body, it can be unfolded into eight sides of the barb-like barbs, the skin of those who are hit open flesh, tendons through the wrong bone, suffering.
Take the bone
Bone Piercing
Chain
The five son chain buckle is designed to capture the enemy alive, it is made of many parts knotted into the shape of five locks connected, although the killing power is limited, but the design is precise, if not in a special order of disassembly is absolutely difficult to unlock.
Elbow Tie
knee piercing
Dragon Claw
Odd-shaped dragon claw rope not only has a special structure, the operation of clever, but also great power, amazing destructive force, can be coiled on the arm, lifting the hand that is issued, the hitter as a lion and tiger pounced, light bones broken, heavy lung hollow heart.
arm refining
Forging claws
Web
The net is made up of more than one hundred thin ropes and thirty-six sets of machine springs, which are not only cleverly constructed, but also can be sent and received according to the change of the direction of the palace formation, so it can be said that "the weapon is strong and sharp, and the method is also exquisite".
account for two or four
Take Six Eight
Mt.Tai Lock
Tarzan lock is three feet six minutes long, composed of eighteen parts, can send a huge force, the power is very strong, such as Tarzan pressed on the top, lead iron in the body, no one will not wait for death, and captured.
Scapula
Tongxiao
Mechanic Hawk
"Gong Luzi cut bamboo and wood for magpie, into and fly, three days no less". Although the yellow dragon wood kite is not "three days no less" of the miraculous, but can fly can spin, swift and fierce, claw beak can send a hot fire, referred to no one is burned to char.
Adding Wings
dotted eyes
The Impulse
The skillful work of wooden people, hands and feet are complete, with hot blood lacquer heart, with real power through the top, can hold the sword, can throw stones, as if there is life, this is the skill of skillful work, ghosts set up by God, the name "Tianshu Xuanji" method also.
through the roof
Cloud And Stream
Cloud and water lead to languid and natural, spontaneous, the tune between fast and slow, high and low, at first as the breeze, water waves do not rise, and gradually as vast as the sea of clouds, strong as the waves, raging irresistible.
The breeze comes in slowly
Vast as a sea of clouds
Home Forgetting
Not to think of returning to the wind and moon, spilling, the song sometimes bubbling and fighting to run away, and sometimes leisurely shallow from the flow, fast and slow at will, free and easy, it is: "a drink to miss a thousand days of wine, drunk buried in the deserted mound not to think of returning".
Freedom
Free
Phoenix Arrival
"xiao shao jiucheng, phoenix come to the Yi". The phoenix comes to the yi tune high, clear and transparent, like the phoenix and the sound of the clanging clang, hear it to inspire the hearts of people, the dark haze is dispelled, its sound has leaped to Kyushu, Yang to the four seas of the ability.
Pleasing to the eye and mind
My heart is bursting with joy
Imperial\nConcubine
The Jade Princess caused when the piano and the music, flowers before the dance neon, fall when the same sound as the drums and drums, the alarm broke a thousand military division, sometimes lingering and meandering, only to daughter's mind, and sometimes thrilling, but about the moth to the flame, self-destruction of the demented mood long.
fall in love with
Flowers Sigh
Qiong Hua sighs euphoniously and feminine, singing and whispering, composing a song that is endless, citing the wind and moon of Yangzhou and singing it, picking new Qiong on the branch to make words for thee, whose feelings are also deep and whose meaning is also very cut.
heartfelt
deep love
Burydeer Orchid
"All is lost, and the past is a Nanke". It is the elegy played when the dead white deer is buried with orchids in Hundred Flowers Valley, which is like a dream, hard to distinguish reality from reality.
like a dream
illusionary
The World\nAmused
"Since heaven and earth opened, it has been a few thousand feet longer, raising a glass to the sky and smiling, the sky returned to the west. Heaven and earth smile pale and high, the yellow bell, containing the way of heaven and earth in it, cover the theory of prosperity and decline in it, said to know this song and know heaven, earth, life and death.
Sea Wide
Sky
Emotions
The so-called seven emotions: "joy, anger, worry, fear, love, hate and desire". The seven emotions are confusing, strange and changeable, and those who first hear this song will have a sense of loss and joy, and when the seven emotions are over, all the listeners will have mixed feelings and a hundred feelings together.
worrying about gain and loss
all sorts of feelings well up in one's heart
Crystal Tune
Qingping tune is a relic of the Tang dynasty, the song sound a hundred turns and a thousand turns, sad and depressed, the hearer's limbs are not the main, as if fall into the former world, even if the end of the song, but also can not extricate themselves, the more sentient people, the deeper into this song.
depressed
blurred
Heart-Breaking
There are three sections of the song, namely, fetal light, cool spirit and ghostly essence, each of which is divided into seven variations: corpse dog, fuyao, bird yin, swallowing thief, non-poisonous, obscene, and smelly lung, with the sound of whimpering, such as resentment, like mourning, like sobbing, and the residual sound is incessant.
Worries
perverse (behavior)
Yellow Bamboo
The Yellow Bamboo song is low and inaccessible, and the song is about the longing and sorrow of the Queen Mother of the West, who is waiting for King Mu and not arriving.
sorrow
hidden bitterness, secret grudge
Xiang Lady Tears
"Shun collapsed, the two concubines cried, with snot waving bamboo, bamboo all spot". Xiang female weeping Cangwu mournful and sorrowful, lingering thoughts, hear this song, can not help but from the sad, finally broken heart, heart and soul.
mourning
heartbroken
3 Nights of Joy
Legend has it that the three xiao fan fairy song is "Yunxiao, Qiongxiao, Bixiao" three night maiden played together. This song is erotic and confused, wind and rhyme, hear this song, no one is not confused, the mind can not help themselves, from then on the player is driven, and become a walking corpse.
bewitching
rapture
Song of\nThe Moon
"Chang'e should regret stealing the elixir, the blue sea and the blue sky night heart". Wide cold song hazy and desolate, silent and clear, hear this song, as if in the wide cold, bleak into the liver and spleen, cold into the heart, finally numb, do not know where to go.
Italian cold
discouraged
Love Poem
The song has only four words: "wait, people, xi, yi," but they are heartfelt words, honeyed words, and "it's useless to think about each other, but it's not bad to be depressed.
Acacia
infatuation
Celestial Music\nof Goddess
"The emperor made Su Nui drum fifty-stringed serenade, sorrow, the emperor forbade more than, so broke its serenade for twenty-five strings". The sound of the ancient goddess is a relic of the ancient world, starting as the heaven and earth sorrowful, and falling as if all thoughts have become ashes, its sound can not be described, can not be interpreted, so it is called "heavenly sound".
Waterstop
forget each other
Ancestor's\nLong Fist
Although the stances are rough and shallow, they already contain the most important principles of boxing, which is why they are called "the mother of all boxing".
Hand-step connection
Shake your body like a tiger
Energizing\nPractice
The Pei Rang trick in the internal force collection and development of the method of attraction and transformation of a different way, the gas does not exhale repeatedly refining, the so-called: "the broad view and about to take, thick accumulation and thin development", the more the use of power, the more consumption, the more apparently strong.
Little Leap
Although the practice is very simple, but the practice process is extremely long, not decades of cold and summer can not be practiced, so although the gong method is simple, few practitioners.
Goddess Counterattack
Evil-Vanquisher
Glacial Aura
Seven Wenceslas
Matchless Beauty
Dragonborn
Animator of Jade
Octobrachial Octopod
Celestial Edict
XiangShu
Ten revolutions of dusty heart
Kneel Before The King
No Dye
No change in blazing heart
Corrupted
Hearing evil and having evil is born ......
Demoniac
Hate goodness, hate goodness, perverse ......
FoulVisage
Sins lead the way to get a glimpse of the evil gods ......
EvilUprise
Chaotic thoughts search the soul, demon heart can not be hidden ......
A·Sinster
Evil and guileless, full of evil ......
The·FN
The heart falls into the nine abysses, the heavenly way is hard to forgive ......
The·C
The weirdness of all beings, ghosts and demons tread the song ......
God·S
Yama burns the bones, the god of death breaks the life ......
Hell Master
Xuan corpse takes the body, hell collects the soul ......
descend to the immortals
Evil and Rebellion
Chapters on Ice
Six Elephants
Memories of Flying Smoke
Defeated Dragon Submerged Abyss
Mirror image
bleeding and sculling
ride the light and cloak the haze
Magic I am free
Dust Dye
Transformation of the sword
demon lure
Shenhua Jiuyao
Donglai Yiqi
Vajra Breaks Evil
The Nine Netherworlds
Extra-Terrestrial True Fire
illusion
seek the law outside the body
play ghosts and collect gods
Gods and Earths
Distracted God Realm
Out-of-bounds Heart Swallowing
hidden dust
Transfiguration Lotus
Power to Break the Gods and Demons
Fortunate Heavenly Omen
Idiot
Ten generations of one
Deadly robbery
Silent Dream
lit. wear blood and hang flames
Clouds and water into spiritual clothes
Undefeated
Frost and Ice
Nine Pods
Heart flower and start a dream
Skeleton armor
Resting Earth Devouring Spirit
Maple God Called to Order
Three Elements and Nine Transportations
Xuan Jie Jie God
No extinction of stone heart
Phantom Heart
the moon in a false sense
Di Zhao Xuan Huo Seal
An inch into a dream
The Seven Waters of the Pond
Five-color warbler
broken hearted dream
Xuan Tan Ghost Poison
Chaotic colored warbler
Break the demonic filth
Exterminate the three cuts
Heavenly Demon Subjugation
Kill the evil dragon
Severance of three cuts
Heavenly Demon Breaks All
Plastic Snow
Aoshin Yodai
Prayer for Sorrow
Gel Hong
Dance of the Green God
v. Death Song
Returning to the hippies to help
Fire Scorched Eight Winds
Red Feather Breaks the Sky
Goodness HeShi
The phoenix leads the nine daughters
Golden Plume Breaks the Sky
fox hunting
the waning fox cries
Four Elephant Blood and Fire Technique
return to the foxes
Mourning
Burning God Blood Fire Technique
Dragon Swallowing Style
Dragon Articulation Style
Dragon chasing style
Surrender Style
sacrifice one's life
Shed Heart Type
No heart, no mind
Swordless Sword
soulless soul
Heart to Heart
Sword into no sword
Spiritualization without soul
War Without Pardon
The fierce soldiers broke through the three formations
The fishy wind sweeps the four fields
kill without pardon
Warlords fighting in the Sixth Harmony
Blood Rain Bathing Eight Wastelands
Kunlun Twelve Golden Immortal Order
Celestial Eye Technique
Heaven and Earth Xuan Yi Order
Kunlun Twelve Evil Immortal Order
Magic Pupil
Ghost God Genichi Order
Entering the mind's edge phase
Enter the phase of falsehoods
enter a delusional name
The heart is lost without awareness
No righteousness in evil and delusion
No purity through contamination
One Sword - Soluble Dust Hidden
Two swords - Mo female clothes
Three Swords - Voodoo Iron
Four-Five Swords
Six - Seven - Eight Swords
Nine Swords - Ghost God Xia
Unblock
Sheathing
Sword Trial
Dismantle The Blade
Sheltered light
Lost
pecking at the pinnacle of a red phoenix
Red Geibik contending clothes
Fire Dragon Burning Heart
Fire pistil kills proud phoenix
Geibi in Red
red heart deters the demon dragon
Three-Three Spiritualization
Qi Qi Sang Hui
9-9 Destiny Making
Spiritual Dispersion - Heaven, Earth and Humankind
Wisdom Death - Seven Awareness Branches
Fate - Infernal
