Tool·Carpentry box
A small box carried by the average woodworker, containing common woodworking tools such as a saw, wood planer, inkwell and corded drill.
Tool·Artisan box
The handy carpenter carried with him a small box loaded with a fuller range of tools than a woodworking box, such as a small chisel, hammer, angle ruler, file and axe, for more delicate woodworking work.
Tool·Wing plane
It is a cleverly designed plane with a hard blade that can be smoothed out regardless of the quality of the wood, so that even novice woodworkers can use it with ease.
Tool·Silver cassette
Made of silver and covered with vermilion lacquer, the box is small and easy to carry, and the interior is well organised to accommodate a wide range of woodworking tools, making it very handy.
Tool·Amber plane
The blade of the amber plane is made of a special iron that does not rust when immersed in water; the body of the plane is amber, yellow and translucent, and when it is used on wood, the wood has the fragrance of pine and cypress.
Tool·Puzzle cassette
This box is made of gold and iron, and its construction is so precise that the box can be transformed into the shape of a variety of tools, hence the name 'Thousand Machine Treasure Box'. It is said to have been invented by an ancient sage of carpentry and is very easy to carry.
Tool·Amazing plane
In Zhuangzi, it is said that "Zixing cut the wood for instr. It is said that the wood planer was made by imitating the wood planer made by the famous craftsman Zixing in the Spring and Autumn Period in the State of Lu, and if the air is carefully concentrated when using it, it can be made into an exquisite wooden tool by the hand of a ghost.
Tool·Mysterious box
This box seems to be extremely small on the outside, but there is a lot of space inside, just like the Buddhist "mustard seed nano-soumi" said, it is "the size of the Yi, hidden inside", so the name "Yi Qiankun box".
Tool·\nGongShu cassette
It is rumored to be a treasure box invented by Gongluo Ban, containing only a few simple tools, but its unique idea, even beginners feel like using it, can be described as a million changes; box body structure cohesion of the maker's heart and soul, each time you look at it can give people a different inspiration.
Tool·Bronze forge
The furnace made of Qingtong can be used with molds to process common gold and iron materials such as sub-casting and die-casting, and although the process is old, it can manage the complexity with simplicity.
Tool·Ruby furnace
Red grain refining is made of volcanic gold, which has a red texture, when smelting and casting gold and iron, fire and red lines every time, glittering and lovely.
Tool·YinYang furnace
This furnace is made of steel, its color is grayish white, Yin fire color green, Yang fire color red, gold and iron in the furnace refining need to be repeatedly burned by Yin and Yang two fire, so called "steel Yin and Yang refining".
Tool·Obsidian forge
The furnace made of gold, hard and heavy, high temperature resistance; square shape, can be a thousand hammers and not a little wear and tear, although not easy to carry, but also blacksmiths love to use the object.
Tool·HunYuan forge
Mixed elements casting furnace in one piece, pin molten gold and iron, there are yin and yang two gas born on it, such as the beginning of chaos, the yuan qi from the birth, it is: "mixed elements out of its first judgment, two gas change and infinite".
Tool·Soul furnace
As the saying goes: "the heart of the essence of the cool, is called the soul", it is said that the treasures have a spirit, so that a thousand years without loss; this furnace made by the apparatus are spiritual light flowing, floating unconventional, so the name "strange spirit refining".
Tool·\nRainbow furnace
True fire is the world's most fire, this furnace flame has as seven haze, such as the Taoist alchemy fire, can remove impurities, get the tool hard, so no one can be.
Tool·Glacial forge
Nine cold people, extremely cold also. This furnace is extremely hot inside and extremely cold outside, people on the left, do not feel a little hot; the more intense its fire, the more its cold, everything under the sun, nothing is refined.
Tool·Evillike furnace
"if the creek of evil, dried up and out of copper, Ouye cast for the sword of pure Jun", it is said that this furnace is an imitation of Ouye Zi refining pure Jun when the casting furnace made, because the copper from the creek of evil cast into the famous sword, so the name "if the evil refining", its fire has green, white, red three colors, the sword into the time when there are Dragon roar, divine incomparable.
Tool·Stone polisher
One of the common jade solving sands, its dark color and coarse texture can be used for polishing and cutting jade. It is produced in various places, but the one from Yan and Zhao is the best.
Tool·\nObsidian polisher
Made of diamond particles, the jade solving sand is transparent in color and hard in texture, suitable for jade decomposition and cutting. This material has no fixed origin and is mostly found by the people by chance.
Tool·Pearl polisher
This sand is made of green, white dichroic hard stone, hard texture, fine particles, luster like jade, and like pearls, so the name "jade pearl sand".
Tool·Amber polisher
This sand is made of yellow stone from the south, and there are dragon-shaped patterns on the sand, so it is called "yellow dragon sand", and when it is used to grind jade, the jade also has beautiful patterns.
Tool·\nTricolor gem polisher
This sand is made of green, red and yellow gemstones to solve the jade sand.
Tool·Snow polisher
This sand out of the snowy mountains, its color is white, delicate as snow, this sand treatment jade, such as a cool breeze, the summer is not hot, so the name "curtain snow sand".
Tool·\nAmethyst polisher
This sand is made of purple-golden exotic stone, its hard, the world's jade, can not be solved; its spirit is also to grind the jade, warm and fragrant, and the more you play, the more fragrant.
Tool·\nIcy Ruby polisher
Rumor has it that an ancient beast died in the iceberg, its blood for a hundred years and does not condense, a thousand years and does not decay, and then become ice crystal blood dew; this sand red and white intertwined, there is a hidden divine light, to attack the jade, the jade also has a spirit.
Tool·Dragon polisher
This sand is made of a strange stone from the East China Sea, and it is not necessary to enter the water when solving jade, but the water is born from the sand. The poem "The Dragon Maiden, who is innocent of long tears, throws the stone to the jade solver."
Tool·Sewing kit
Pockets the size of a child's palm, with side pockets for needles of varying lengths; pockets with thread in various colors for simple clothing sewing.
Tool·Bamboo loom
The loom made of green bamboo is easy to obtain and widely used, but the texture is softer and needs to be coiled on the ground when used.
Tool·Butterfly woven
This shuttle is an ancient tradition of weaving equipment, simple structure, shuttle like a butterfly up and down, can also be used with two shuttles, so the name "butterfly shuttle".
Tool·Cloud woven
Flowing clouds shuttle body white, moving, such as clouds through the warp and woof, its speed is extremely fast, a day can be a cloth.
Tool·Ivory loom
The jacquard loom made of ivory, which can withstand the weather and is extremely valuable, but is large in size and requires sitting in front of the machine when using it, is said to be a tribute offered to the emperor by a small country on the frontier.
Tool·Blossom woven
This shuttle has a hundred flowers on the pattern, the shuttle is short, often used to weave on the pattern, the silk, woven as the capture of the hundred flowers, so the name "hundred flowers shuttle".
Tool·Ecliptic loom
Yellow Mother, also known as Huang Dao Po, had improved the loom when she was living abroad, and finally became the Yellow Mother Loom. This machine is easy to program, weaving very fast, after the old age of Huang mother crossed the sea to return to his hometown, Jiangnan weaving because of it and rise.
Tool·Rainbow woven
The seven-color flowing fragrance shuttle is made of exotic wood, the color is like rainbow neon, hidden fragrance, woven items will therefore also be tainted with fragrance, such as a haze of light flowing over.
Tool·Fairy's woven
According to legend, it is the strange shuttle used by the weaver in the sky, with the flow of haze, the clothes woven with this shuttle is just like seamless heavenly clothes, all in one, without a trace of thread foot.
Tool·Stone pot
Take everywhere made of stone pots, not easy to heat, but the insulation effect is outstanding, often used for stewing, roasting, rumored to have been used by the sages as early as the ancient times.
Tool·\nBinaural copper pot
The pot is made of brass and has two ears on the edge of the pot for easy lifting, so it is called "copper pot with two ears". This pot heats up very quickly, making it easy to stir-fry food, and has a thin layer of iron on it to prevent corrosion.
Tool·FuLu pot
This pot is cast in pig iron, under six ears, can be used for support, is passed down from Liao, often used by soldiers, suitable for cooking, pot body with gourd pattern, is to take the harmonious sound, pray for good fortune and double.
Tool·\nKitchenKing's pot
It is said that the king of the stove is in charge of the fire, and this pot is made to imitate what the king of the stove used before he became immortal, so that the fragrance of the food can please the gods and bless the coming year with great success.
Tool·\nMythical pattern pot
Legend has it that Taotie is an ancient beast, the most gluttonous, delicious people see the matter and laugh, calling themselves Taotie; this pot is engraved with the pattern of Taotie, is to take the meaning of delicious food, lingering.
Tool·Fragrance pot
The pot is cast with gold and iron, with pores inside, with spices, the aroma can last for more than ten years and not dissipate, cooking with it, the dish also has aroma.
Tool·Foodie's pot
It has a hexagonal shape, two ears and six feet, and is inscribed with the figure of eight treasures, which is said to be able to cook all the flavors of the world.
Tool·\nGilded siderite opt
Xuan iron rolling gold pot with green and black iron cast, the surface rolled with gold, the original is a rich family to show the wealth of things, non-stick, non-rust, and extremely light weight, is a child can easily lift.
Tool·Kilo-bucket pot
Thousand buckets of pot called "a thousand buckets of food, not as good as a wok", it is said to be a famous chef Yiya of the Warring States made the wonders of the food, the five flavors are suitable, diners only feel the temperament of the steep, ruling the world is also like adjusting the salt plum; or thinking about the past, a lot of emotions... so on and so forth, and so on and so forth. The food is very good.
Tool·Clay bowl
The pottery bowl made of clay, light in size, consists of a small bowl and a mortar and pestle, which can be used to crush herbs and grind out the juice.
Tool·Omni-herb Ding
The three-legged tripod used for refining medicines is made of bronze and engraved with a pattern of a hundred herbs to commemorate Shennong's tasting of a hundred herbs and his sacrifice to help the people.
Tool·Immortal's stove
Taoist alchemy with the furnace, shaped like a tripod and the head pointed body round, cast in gold and iron, on the figure of Laojun Dengxian; and a cover, because it is used to gather Dan gas.
Tool·\nEmerald Bodhi bowl
This bowl is made of exotic jasper that can warm the medicine, and is decorated with linden leaves, symbolizing the supreme bodhichitta that can transform all sentient beings, and the heart of the bowl is red if it is used for medicine, and green if it is used for poison.
Tool·\nGhostKing's stove
Rumor has it that the ghost king is the messenger of the nether world, people who have not yet lived to see it, the furnace when the medicine, the fire must be black, is the fire driven by the ghost king, mortals use it, it is a miracle of medicine.
Tool·\nDrugKing's stove
According to the legend, the Lord of Medicine is the god of health and well-being, and this tripod is made of the sacred wood taken from the Great Swamp in the west when the Lord of Medicine was hanging a pot to help the world, which does not burn when it encounters fire.
Tool·BloodJade bowl
Rumor has it that the blood jade is raised with fresh blood, the red silk, this bowl can make the precious herbs do not decay, poisonous things such as life, into a medicine when the red light steep, divine as if there is a spirit.
Tool·Crystal Ding
According to legend, Liuli is a five-color stone, as bright as crystal and as colorful as the sunset, which is a strange stone left by Nuwa when mending the sky, and has a strange fragrance.
Tool·JadeBone stove
It is said that the bones of the nine sunken jade bones are made from the bones of spiritual beasts through the vicissitudes of the sea, sinking and tossing, and their texture is like jade, cold to the touch; when this bowl is used to make medicine, the jade liquid will come into being and become pills in a moment.
