【Offerings: Outlaws Lair】
Many Yamens placed between alleys, many residences of nobles, hundreds of beggars roam around and listen on the streets about rights and wrongs in Jianghu.\nAfter taking over this Outlaw Lair and dispatching a villager to supervise it, every time they collect offerings, you will gain local News that the beggars gathered...
In the moonless nights when wind is high, thieves come out of their lairs like wolves to commit crimes. Even if there is no valuable jade or jewels, they will take 2 or 3 pieces of gold and silver, because they never leave empty-handed.\nAfter taking over this Outlaw Lair and dispatching a villager to supervise it, every time they collect offerings, you will gain a part of "Money" that thieves stole...
Some plant trees, some build roads, and some rob villages. Geese will leave their feathers, beasts will leave their skin, and fat sheep will leave their riches.\nAfter taking over this Outlaw Lair and dispatching a villager to supervise it, every time they collect offerings, you will gain a part of Weapons that bandits robbed...
【Harvest: Outlaws Lair】
Nine schools of thought, three doctrines, and fifteen sects, all of them are restricted even if they wander the Jianghu. With a heart like white clouds, always at ease, and a mind like flowing water, free to go wherever it wants, why would you want to be shackled?\nWhen you take over this Outlaw Lair, you will gain corresponding sect's secret manuals...
Killing people and setting fire while pocketing money. Repairing bridges and mending roads to gain blessings. Raping and plundering for happiness. Doing good deeds and accumulating merits. Buddha and Devil always go hand in hand.\nAfter taking over this Outlaw Lair and dispatching a villager to supervise it, you will show people the might of "Taiwu", allowing "Taiwu" to continuously gain "Prestige"...
When the ends of the earth are boundless, only hatred can never be whittled away. In the next life, there won't be anyone i will trust, and i won't be controlled by emotions!\nWhen you take over this Outlaw Lair, you will gain a teammate with high Talent in Fine Arts...
One's flash and blood turns into mud and returns to the Yellow Springs, but their spirit does not go the Yama's Palace. Why do they wander around in the human world? Always regretting something...\nWhen you take over this Outlaw Lair, you will gain a "Living Dead Medicine"...
【Gain: Outsider's Lair】
In the depths of the scattered flowers, there are several huts, playing with calligraphy, painting, guqin and chess, not caring about the mediocrity of the world. They shed their clothes and leave their shoes, looking up with a smile.\nWhen you take over this Outlaw Lair, while in the area of this Outlaw Lair, you will have a higher change of getting Sudden Insight...
Earnestly teach, listen to my contempt, if you are not of my kind, your heart will be different, call on the stars to summon ghosts, drive away evil spirits and eat them, and you will be invincible in the world.\nWhen you take over this Outlaw Lair, while in the area of this Outlaw Lair, Healing and Detox will have a better result...
Neither a human nor a ghost, the soul has no heart to support the body, wandering in the world, the human speech is the same, the species is poor, the claws and teeth cannibalize human flesh, it is both a demon and a devil.\nWhen you take over this Outlaw Lair, you will gain a teammate with high Talent in Martial Arts...
The nature of man is evil, the sins of the heavens, exhausted the mountains of bamboo slips difficult to write, decided to the four seas of waves difficult to cleanse, only to fall into the infernal abyss of prison: pulling out the tongue ploughing plow, draw intestines and trembling chopping, molten copper pouring into the mouth, the cold pool of the body... Thus the sins of the elimination of the smoke of the sea, the sins extinguished the river of sand.\nBecause of the demonic religion, this place will continuously gather people who lost their hearts...
At the beginning, because of avoiding the world, he died, what a pain, the disputes in the rivers and lakes are endless, and the hatred is hard to let go. Since then, he has been in a glass of wine, killing people in the world of mortals, blood splashing on the dragon, why don't he just wave his hand, Let's be a woodcutter, hide and go, nothing to do...\nWhen you take over this Outlaw Lair, while in the area of this Outlaw Lair, the Success Rate of cells in breakthroughs will be increased...
【Assist: Righteous Stronghold】
Things are chaotic in the world, villains gather and ruthless, thousands of people shed tears silently, if you ask our life ambition: why do you regret fighting to death? But we will fight for the people to get rid of the evil!\nAfter helping righteous to subdue this Outlaw Lair and dispatching a villager to help righteous deal with villains, "Taiwu" will continuously gain "Experience"...
Where there is no rivers and lakes, when you meet, you will drink a pot of wine, make friends with each other, and live and die together.\nAfter helping righteous to subdue this Outlaw Lair and dispatching a villager to help righteous deal with villains, "Taiwu" will continuously gain "Resources"...
[Gain: Righteous stronghold]
In troubled times, common people are suffering. It seems like being a common person is indeed a crime!  I shall turn my flute pipe into a sword, and kill all the monsters and behead Yama! When the village sings and dances, I will go back to my home and rest on the rocky mountain.\nBy receiving guidance from a famous hermit, your Talent cap during breakthroughs will be increased...
