Anti-Handguards
If an enemy uses a palm set, attacks with this weapon or performs the Destruction Technique, the enemy's Diversion, Parry and Evasion are reduced by 20%.
Anti-Sword
If the enemy uses a sword, attacks with this weapon or performs a Break skill, the enemy's Diversion, Parry and Evasion are reduced by 20%.
Anti-Blade
If the enemy uses a blade, attacks with this weapon or performs a Break skill, the enemy's Diversion, Parry and Evasion are reduced by 20%.
Anti-Poison
If the enemy uses poisonous frost or poisonous sand,  attacks with this weapon or performs a Break skill, the enemy's Diversion, Parry and Evasion are reduced by 20%.
Anti-Polearm
If the enemy uses a polearm, attacks with this weapon or performs a Break skill, the enemy's Diversion, Parry and Evasion are reduced by 20%.
Anti-Soft·Wp
If the enemy uses a Whisk, attacks or uses a Break Skill, the enemy's Diversion, Parry, Evasion and Focus are reduced by 20%.
Anti-Hidden·Wp
If the enemy uses a Hidden Weapon, Mech. Bird or performs a Break Skill, the enemy's Diversion, Parry, Evasion and Focus are reduced by 20%.
Anti-Exotic·Wp
If the enemy uses a Dagger, Talisman or a Club, attacks or uses Break Skill, the enemy's Diversion, Parry, Evasion and Focus are reduced by 20%.
Anti-Melody
If the enemy uses a music instrument, attacks or uses a Break Skill, the enemy's Diversion, Parry, Evasion and Focus are reduced by 20%..
Anti-Metal
If the enemy uses Iron-made protective gear to resist an attacks or performs a Break Skill, the enemy's External and Internal Defense are reduced by 20%.
Anti-Wood
If the enemy uses Wood-made protective gear to resist an attacks or performs a Break Skill, the enemy's External and Internal Defense are reduced by 20%.
Anti-Gem
If the enemy uses Gem-made protective gear to resist an attacks or performs a Break Skill, the enemy's External and Internal Defense are reduced by 20%.
Anti-Weaving
If the enemy uses Fabric-made protective gear to resist an attacks or performs a Break Skill, the enemy's External and Internal Defense are reduced by 20%.
Sharp
This weapons DES is increased by 20%.
Refined by fire
This weapons Hardness is increased by 20%.
Bloodbath
This weapon has 50% higher DES, but 50% lower Hardness.
Blunt
This weapon has 50% higher Hardness, but 50% lower DES.
Venomous sting
This weapon causes 20% more Poison damage to enemies.
Spiritual Use
此兵器的发挥需求减少20%
Blood Kills
When attacking with this weapon or using a Break skill, if this weapon is damaged, the enemy suffers 30% more direct External Damage.
Qi killing
When attacking with this weapon or using a Break skill, if this weapon is damaged, the enemy suffers 30% more direct Internal Damage.
Blood Transfusion
When attacking or performing a Break Skill with this weapon, the attacker takes 20% less External Injury from Reflect.
Qi Transformation
When attacking or performing a Break Skill with this weapon, the attacker takes 20% less Internal Injury from Reflect.
Counter Handguards
If the enemy uses a palm glove, the enemy's Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath are reduced by 20% when this gear is used to parry the enemy's attacks or Break Skill.
Counter Sword
If the enemy uses a Sword, the enemy's Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath are reduced by 20% when this gear is used to parry the enemy's attacks or Break Skill.
Counter Blade
If the enemy uses a Blade, the enemy's Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath are reduced by 20% when this gear is used to parry the enemy's attacks or Break Skill.
Counter Poison
If the enemy uses a poisonous attack,  if this guard is used to parry the enemy's attack or Break Skill, the enemy's Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath are reduced by 20% 
Counter Polearm
If the enemy uses a Polearm, the enemy's Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath are reduced by 20% when this gear is used to parry the enemy's attacks or Break Skill.
Counter Soft·Wp
If the enemy uses a Soft·Wp, the enemy's Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath are reduced by 20% when this gear is used to parry the enemy's attacks or Break Skill.
Counter Hidden·Wp
If the enemy uses a Hidden Weapon, Mech. Bird or performs a Break Skill, the enemy's Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath are reduced by 20% when this gear is used to parry the enemy's attacks or Break Skill.
Counter Exotic·Wp
If the enemy uses a Exotic·Wp, the enemy's Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath are reduced by 20% when this gear is used to parry the enemy's attacks or Break Skill.
Counter Melody
If the enemy uses a music instrument, the enemy's Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath are reduced by 20% when this gear is used to parry the enemy's attacks or Break Skill.
Counter Metal
If the enemy uses a Metal weapon and this protective gear is used to parry an attack or a Break Skill, the enemy's External Penetration and Internal Penetration are reduced by 20%.
Counter Wood
If the enemy uses a Wood weapon and this protective gear is used to parry an attack or a Break Skill, the enemy's External Penetration and Internal Penetration are reduced by 20%.
Counter Gem
If the enemy uses a Gem weapon and this protective gear is used to parry an attack or a Break Skill, the enemy's External Penetration and Internal Penetration are reduced by 20%.
Reflection of Weaving
If the enemy uses a Fabric weapon and this protective gear is used to parry an attack or a Break Skill, the enemy's External Penetration and Internal Penetration are reduced by 20%.
Hidden Sharpness
The TOU of this equipment is increased by 20%.
Snow Refining
The Hardness of this equipment is increased by 20%.
Blood Coat
This equipment has 50% higher TOU, but 50% lower Hardness.
Tenacious
This equipment has 50% higher Hardness, but 50% lower TOU.
This equipment causes 20% more poison damage to enemies.
此护具的发挥需求减少20%
Physical Protection
When using this armor to resist the enemy's attack or Break skill if this armor is damaged, the direct External Damage inflicted by the enemy is reduced by 30%.
Qi·Protection
When using this armor to resist the enemy's attack or Break skill if this armor is damaged, the direct Internal Damage inflicted by the enemy is reduced by 30%.
Retributing Physical
When using this piece of gear to Reflect enemy attacks or Break skill, the External Injury damage reflected by the user is increased by 20%.
Retributing Qi
When using this piece of gear to Reflect enemy attacks or Break skill, the Internal Injury damage reflected by the user is increased by 20%.
Reinforcement
The durability of this equipment is increased by 20%.
Balance
The weight of this equipment has been reduced by 20%.
Valuable
The value of this equipment is increased by 30%.
Gift
The popularity of this equipment is increased by 30%.
Heavy
The durability of this equipment is increased by 50% and its weight is increased by 50%.
Light
The weight of this equipment is reduced by 50% and its durability is reduced by 50%.
Ritual
The value of this equipment is increased by 75% and its popularity is reduced by 75%.
Collectible 
The popularity of this equipment is increased by 75%, and its value is reduced by 75%.
Made by Adoptive Father
The Might, Finesse, and Swiftness of this weapon are increased by 20%; The durability of this weapon in increased by 100%.
Trial
此兵器的耐久降低50%，发挥需求增加100%。
烟霞神铸
生铸护具的耐久会随时间持续减少；敌人对此护具保护的部位进行兵器攻击时，有33%的几率必然被化解，且敌人攻击此部位的可能性加倍；此特性仅能持续到此装备完全损坏或战斗结束
山河神解
生铸兵器的耐久会随时间持续减少；此兵器能够代替所有其它非山河神解的装备承受50%的耐久损失；此特性仅能持续到此装备完全损坏或战斗结束
鬼眼灵琢
生铸宝物的耐久会随时间持续减少；此宝物提供的主要属性、次要属性、攻击、防御、命中、化解加成提高100%，且会持续为使用者增加随机类型的真气；此特性仅能持续到此装备完全损坏或战斗结束
玄虎神解
生铸兵器的耐久会随时间持续减少；此兵器的兵器攻击造成的直接伤害提高50%；此特性仅能持续到此装备完全损坏或战斗结束
仙元神解
生铸兵器的耐久会随时间持续减少；以此兵器进行兵器攻击且命中敌人要害时，向敌人施加1个随机的破绽或封穴；此特性仅能持续到此装备完全损坏或战斗结束
架海残铸
此装备的重量提高100%、坚韧降低80%；此特性仅能持续到此装备完全损坏或战斗结束
浑元神铸
生铸护具的耐久会随时间持续减少；此护具的破刃和坚韧提高100%，提供的化解加成、防御加成提高50%，伤害减免提高25%；此特性仅能持续到此装备完全损坏或战斗结束
