Berry
Wild fruits, whose names are unknown. They are found everywhere in the mountains. They can be purple, red or yellow and can be eaten to satiate hunger.
Pear
A juicy pear in the shape of a duck, it has a small to and a large bottom. It tastes both sweet and sour and is useful to quench thirst and soothe your lungs.
Golden citrus
The golden yellow citrus has a smooth, wax-like skin and its flesh is sweet, sour, and quite refreshing.
Sea otter
"I am afraid that the flowers will go to sleep late at night, so I burn high candles to shine the red makeup". Begonia fruit stalks are slender and small, bright red and resemble hawthorn; the flesh is fluffy and sweet, which is powerful to eat.
Pentachrome grapes
'Fine red wine glitters in a jade chalice that glows in the night, before I could drink it come pipa notes giving orders to mount the horse'. The pentachrome grapes are a bunch of grapes of five different colours - green, yellow, orange, purple and black - which have magnificient colour, as well as excellent aroma and flavour.
Litchi
'A red-haired concubine smiles, no one knows it's a litchi'.  The litchi is a rare fruit with a slightly red, scaly skin and white pearl-like flesh, which is sweet and smooth and greatly nourishing.
Pomegranate
The white flowers and red fruit of the wild pomegranate, with their lightly thorny skins, have a pleasant aroma and are as sweet as nectar. They are often used by wealthy families as medicine to invigorate the spirit.
Ginseng fruit
It is said to be the fruit of a ginseng tree planted by an immortal. It is white with a yellowish tinge, shaped like a ginseng, with a slightly bitter taste and a sweet aftertaste. Ginseng fruit is known as a tonic for Qi and longevity.
Immortal peach
It's often said those peaches are as big as a child's fist, as bright as the evening sun, a heart-shaped core and honey-like flesh. It might help you forget about your worries.
Boiled egg
If boiled for a short period of time, the eggs are golden yellow inside while the outer part is smooth and warm; if boiled for a longer period of time, the eggs are silvery yellow and soft on the palate, leaving a lingering aroma.
Sunny egg
The egg looks like a lotus-shaped bun with a crispy outer ring and a soft yolk.
Egg fried rice
A delicious home-made dish with a golden coating of rice and a distinctive texture of grains.
Yangzhou fried rice
Yangzhou fried rice requires three stir-fries, one for the egg, another one to liberate the aroma of the multiple ingredients, and a last one for the rice. When it comes out of the plate, golden silk is dotted on top of the rice grains, which makes it shiny and moist to look at and tasty to eat.
Egg flower soup
This soup is made from egg whites and is served with young alfalfa leaves. The elegant mix of color is a reflection of 'white silver dotted with brocade and emerald, spring is breaking the remaining snow'.
Egg roll
The three shreds are called 'leek, silver sprouts and carrots', which can either be used to warm and nourish the Yang, or to relieve the heat, and are wrapped in an egg roll, which is not only refreshing and crunchy, but also good for the body.
Egg white
The yolkless egg is made by stirring the egg white into liquid and cooking it with dried scallop. The dish is as lustrous as jade, fine and smooth, with aromas in the mouth and a desire for immortality, so there is a common saying that "a mushroom and dried scallop egg without yolk is not replaced by a prime minister".
A scent of heaven and earth
The taste is soft and fluffy, leaving a fragrant taste on the lips and tongue; when you eat it, you will forget all kinds of tastes on earth, but only remember the fragrant taste of heaven and earth.
Golden robe
"Who cut a picture of Wujiang River, for wrapping fragrant rice golden robe". Golden robe rice selection is simple, but cooking is extremely difficult, one speaks of force, each grain of rice need to be wrapped in nine points of egg coating, no difference; two pay attention to the fire, need to be crispy egg coating and rice fragrant soft, the same grain, so the golden robe rice can be called "heavenly food".
Beggar chicken
The chicken is wrapped in lotus leaves and baked in clay, its color is bright red, its taste contains lotus leaves, soft and fluffy, can be a unique flavor of folk.
8 bake chicken
Eight-baked chicken is a popular market-style dish made from dried fruits such as pecans, pine nuts, milk chestnuts and chestnuts, and baked with Yunying chicken, which is crispy and refreshing.
Sauce chicken cube
The sauce and the chicken breast are stir-fried with high heat, which can combine the richness of the sauce and the tenderness of the meat, so that you can eat the sauce and have the freshness of the meat, and eat the meat and have the richness of the sauce, which is a perfect match.
5 tastes chicken
According to legend, the chicken with five flavors of apricot cheese was made by a palace maid in the ancient imperial kitchen, because it was delayed in stewing the chicken, resulting in the chicken rotting into mud, the palace maid, to avoid punishment, will pour the juice with five flavors of apricot cheese, so it became "five flavors of apricot cheese chicken", because of its sweet taste and sweet, and the effect of nourishing the skin, and was liked by Emperor Wu.
Golden chicken
Golden chicken is made from Yunying chicken, which is divided into pieces, covered with egg yolk and batter and fried in oil, which makes it float in the pan with golden light, crispy and fragrant, salty and crispy on the outside and tasty on the inside.
Hibiscus sliced chicken
Hibiscus chicken slices soup color crystal ice, decorated with white petals of hibiscus, just like the autumn river hibiscus blooming in the wind, its taste is light and elegant, soft and smooth fragrance. This dish is both beautiful and tasty, so it is no wonder that it was loved by the literati throughout the ages.
Plain sliced chicken
The people of the time said the white chopped ivory chicken, there is "not see its things, but smell its fragrance" reputation, white chopped ivory chicken although the dish is plain, but there is a strange aroma puff nose, eat to taste around the throat teeth, raw aroma, for the strange also.
Rhizoma Kaempferiae chicken
Crabapple new method of chicken to fruit meat into the food, take the new crabapple juice in June and Yunying chicken sizzling, to the fruit fragrance around the oven before you get up, eat, sweet but not greasy, fluffy and soft glutinous, people said this dish: "Luan dried phoenix wax, almost afraid of less than".
Roasted duck
Roast duck is a famous food market in the capital, including the best Li's roast duck, Li's roast duck skin color red, fatty meat but not greasy, but also inexpensive, so the people like.
Gourd duck
The skill of gourd duck is to remove the bones of the whole duck and leave the skin intact. The duck is made through a three-step process and is called "gourd duck" because of its resemblance to a gourd and its meaning of good fortune.
Beauty duck
According to legend, Zhaogun missed the food of the Han Dynasty after she left the fortress, so she was accompanied by a diner who cooked a dish with vermicelli and noodles and fatty duck, which was delicious and liked by Zhaogun, so later people were named after her.
Creamy duck soup
The duck soup with the word "longevity" is finely made, fragrant and mellow, with fresh meat, and because of the wish of "Tianbao Jiu Ru, He Shan with longevity", it is a must for birthday banquets.
Plum blood thin noodles
"Snow abuse and wind, and eat plum blood noodles, its body if the summer, but you can enjoy the red plum of snow". Plum blood noodles are taken from Shaoxing duck blood cooked with vermicelli, the blood is as bright as plum, so the name "plum blood noodles", its spicy but warm stomach, eat sweat, it is a very strange thing.
Bard duck
According to legend, during the Tang Dynasty, Li Bai, in order to win the King of Tang's pleasure, made a duck dish with 100 years of flower carving and offered it to Emperor Xuanzong of Tang, who praised it and named it after Li Bai, and now the dynasty is empty, but the duck is still famous.
Salted Duck
Jinling has been known as "the world's best duck delicacies", and Jinling duck delicacies are the best Jinling salt water duck, which has white and oily skin, tender and slightly red meat, with fragrant skin, fresh juice and tender meat.
Goose noodles
Goose meat with a quick knife cut strips, with a small botrytis one or two dozen, coated with flour, in the autumn oil stir-fry, this way, goose meat to greasy taste, but also has the aroma of sauce, eat full of fresh flavor.
Colorful goose
Embroidered blowing goose is famous for its fine and prosperous. Its production pay attention to slow fire wet steaming, so the meat is fatty but not greasy, fragrant and smooth, the people of the time comment this dish only said "fear and tongue chewing down".
9 tastes crispy goose
Nine flavors of crispy goose skin charred and crisp but not dry, goose meat tender and juicy, the taste of thick, its pungent in the sweet, sweet with salty, salty in the acid, and some slightly bitter taste, so five flavors mixed and seems to have nine flavors of life, in the tongue a hundred turns a thousand times, people long to forget.
Steamed bamboo shoot goose
Bamboo shoots, vegetables in the first product also; goose, poultry in the first expensive also, the two steamed food, complement each other, the world's delicious no one can compare.
Meringue goose
The beauty of crispy swan is said to be a product of goose dishes. Wrapped in flour to roast the goose, to both sides of the golden take out, eat the skin crispy meat fragrance, should be "deep smoke curl, goose crispy taste food is not greasy" sentence.
Fried goose
"mizania green has been deep, goose play spring pond rain". After a spring rain, is a good time to eat goose, at this time the goose meat fresh and tender, only to boil water, oil frying, it is enough to be called the best taste, a total of full of spring eaten, can be described as the most joy of the world also.
Black crispy
It is often eaten with wine. The crispy skin of the chicken is wrapped in batter and fried until it is crispy, and when the wine is added to the throat, the tongue becomes a thousand flavors.
Ginseng black chicken soup
The medical textbook: "Ginseng is flat and sweet, can be a great tonic, restore the pulse to fix off", if it is simmered with black chicken soup, eating it can calm the mind, replenish the blood, is a rare good tonic.
Black bag chicken
The skin of the chicken should be smooth and shiny, and the meat should be soft and fragrant, and it melts in the mouth. Because of its complicated preparation, it is not available to the powerful and noble people.
Cordyceps black chicken soup
Take the water and moisten the wormwood and the black chicken, the sweetness of the wormwood and the richness of the black chicken are turned into the water, making a great soup, the taste is the freshest in the soup and the soup is the most tonic in the food, so it can be said to be the best food in the road.
Juicy chicken ball
The gold sauce is made by scraping the gold into the soup, which is called "brilliant color tirade fluorescence", and the wuwan is made by steaming the loin of the wu chicken, which is called "black color like ink stone". This dish is not only excellent in taste, but also has the effect of rejuvenation, so people said it: "A grain of superfine is really heavy, and I believe that Penglai has a long way to go".
Quail cake
The lousy cake quail is a famous dish of the government residence, made of jellyfish and quail meat frozen, its color is dappled, exquisite and transparent, which is pleasing to the eye and soft and tender to the palate, which is a unique cuisine.
Quail stew
When it's cold, you can warm up the fire, and then fry the quail meat in the light smoke until it's bright and crispy, so it's crispy and delicious.
Hundred birds homing
"A hundred birds are searching for flowers, and the nest is sleeping in a hundred flowers". According to the legend, in the Wei and Jin dynasties, a cuisinartist admired the beauty of a hundred birds and spent nine years making a nest of a hundred birds, which looked like a hundred birds perched in the plate, with different attitudes, or spreading their wings or combing feathers or sleeping all lifelike, so that people could not bear to eat.
Stew of heaven and earth
Take nine fat quail, pick seasonal vegetables, with seven or eight dry ingredients, cooked together, vegetables embrace quail meat, the host and guest into a rich food beauty, for the first-class cuisine, said it is: "food in the sun and moon, the pot of the universe".
Phoenix flower
"The colorful phoenixes hold the hope of spring, the beauty of the garden household". The phoenix through the flower is the blue peacock's meat shredded and fried, and then rolled with pungent flower petals, with the flower of the bitter and neutralize the greasy meat, eating the strange beauty, people praised: "no such taste on earth".
Rich braise
The dish is a big dish for palace banquet. The dish is made of blue peacocks with four dishes of vegetables, and is named after its colorful appearance, as if it is "rich on earth".
Soup of morning dew
During the Tang Dynasty, the emperor gave his ministers morning dew soup in the summer. The soup was made by steaming the tender bones of blue peacocks to remove the fishy, and then boiling them over a high fire until they were pure white, adding white lentils, Chen Pi, Elsholtzia, and other cooling and damp things, which tasted fresh and sweet, just like the morning dew.
Rabbit BBQ
In the deep woods, hunting a fat rabbit, hair removal and cleaning, with spices, placed on hot charcoal roasted, oil dripping sound, meat fragrance, food and wine, accompanied by the beautiful moon, to be very happy.
Cold rabbit
Cold rabbit is a home-cooked food, its material selection of rabbit meat, tender and fragrant skin, and pepper stir-fry, to back to the cold after the pan, eat fresh, fragrant and tender three are available, can be described as a good food with wine.
Spicy rabbit
Spicy rabbit head is the flavor of Shu, because of its shape horror, so not for people like, but spicy rabbit head meat with spicy, will be its fishy taste and eat extremely fresh and spicy beauty, but also the best brain marrow. There is a common language for this thing: "the most happy, the most disgusted".
Dry fried rabbit
Sichuan cuisine is still taste, good spicy, and the fresh pot rabbit is the integration of these two, its meat is fresh and tender, pepper taste, more and enough material, diners taste, all say its "cool spicy also".
Hundred tastes soup
This dish is made by boiling rabbit meat and vegetables until it is rotten, and it has the richness of rabbit meat and vegetables, so the meat and vegetables complement each other.
5 tastes rabbit
Rabbit because of its tender meat, very easy to taste, so it is also known as "hundred flavors of meat". Fire on the five flavors of rabbit production is exquisite, the five flavors in a food without collision, eat all five flavors, fragrant and refreshing, really worthy of its name.
Dramatic
The rabbit meat is cut like a chip, thin and neat, if the light can show the shadow, it is called "shadow play". The meat is thin and smooth, and the taste is thorough, so it can't be made by those who have good knife skills.
Jade rabbit soup
Jade rabbit soup is taken from the rabbit leg meat thickening, boiled under three boiling water, its appearance like jade, smooth and flawless, eat its tender fresh, drink its soup sweet, no wonder people say: "a jade rabbit soup, eat all over the world good taste".
Rabbit hotpot
"There is no bird like a partridge and no beast like a rabbit". This dish takes the meat of the mountain forest wild rabbit cut into thin slices, until the soup is boiling hot, since the meat into the soup, garnish and eat, its taste is soft and hot, a bite into the belly, all the cold of winter, and to the good season of midsummer, worthy of the people of the time as the "rabbit dishes first product".
Twice-cooked pork slices
During the New Year's holidays, there is a dish of pork on the table of Shu families, and when Shu wanderers miss their hometown, a plate of pork and rice together is enough to comfort the loneliness of travel.
Steamed pork
The steamed pork with lotus leaf is not only soft and sweet with the combination of glutinous rice and rich meat, but also a touch of lotus leaf fragrance, which can be remembered for a long time with just one bite.
Pork with salted vegetable
"Ramie is green for ten miles, but Huizhou plum cabbage is a flower". The best way to make plum cabbage is to take six fatty and four lean pork, which is the most beautiful of pigs, and then combine it with the sweetness of plum cabbage, which is a perfect match.
Braised pig intestine
It is said that the dish was first created by a restaurant in the capital, originally named burnt large intestine, a customer praised this food and said: "Taoists are good at alchemy, there are nine turns of immortal pills in the world, eating this delicacy can be comparable to the immortal pills", so the dish became famous, after the restaurant also changed its name to "nine turns of large intestine The dish became famous, and later the restaurant also changed its name to "Nine Turn Large Intestine".
Golden bone
Because of the fine preparation and extravagant selection of materials, it is said that "an inch of bone is an inch of gold". This dish is made of young pork bones roasted slowly over a gentle fire, the meat is tender and melts in the mouth; the bones are crispy and fragrant and can be chewed.
Crystal ham
Crystal delicacies meat because of its transparent appearance like crystal so named. This dish is aromatic and mellow, has attracted Zhang Guolao to come down to earth to find, its meat is smooth and tender and beautiful, can not stop eating, only let Zhang Guolao miss the peach meeting.
Crab mixed pork meat ball
"Crab fat is rich in cream, chopped meat is beautiful, stewed chub head in the wok, the taste of heaven and earth". Crabmeat lion's head is a famous dish in Yangzhou city, which is made of tender meat and crab meat, sticky and smooth, rich and beautiful. Emperor Yang of Sui had this dish when he went south to Yangzhou, and it was called "beautiful".
Dongpo's braised pork
Dongpo meat is called "first-class meat" by the people of the time. This dish is made of pork and wine cooked together, which has the fragrance of wine but not thick, the meat is soft but not rotten, and the taste of this is left on the lips and tongue, a hundred hankering but not tired, worthy of its reputation of the first class.
Raw fried thin slices of lamb
In the Wei and Jin dynasties, the scholars loved to eat sheep, including a fine sheep raw braised especially loved by the scholars, this dish does not have a lot of flavor, only the lamb cut into thin slices of braised and fried, eaten sweet and crispy, can be called good.
Lamb haslet
In ancient times, haggis is not allowed to enter the banquet, but the Tang Dynasty, a caterer for the whole sheep banquet, can not bear to abandon the sheep under the water, they will be served as haggis miscellaneous food, eat fresh meat and soup fresh, exceptionally delicious, the world began to change their views on haggis.
Green onion lamb
The seventy-two stores in the capital all have lamb with scallions as their signature, but the Li family restaurant is the only one with the essence, and its lamb is delicious, mellow and long, which is liked by the people of the time, but after Kyoto moved south, the Li family is not known, and this taste is hard to find.
Lamb stomach
"The only thing that makes Qilu delicacies unpalatable is the fire, which is good at equalizing the five flavors. The casserole is fresh and fragrant, light and refreshing, and it strengthens the spleen, tones the deficiency, and stops sweating.
Lamb kidney BBQ
The common language says: "to take other things from other places, to supplement their own body". Take the kidney of sheep, with five ingredients roasted and eaten, eat crisp and delicious, spicy and fragrant, but also with the effect of strengthening the body, for the Han aristocracy loved things.
Simmer meat
"Every time the imperial food, there must be eliminated spirit sizzling". The sizzling sizzling is to take the most tender four or two meat of the sheep body, with the secret method of cooking and made, its by the heat and poison without defeat and odor, fragrance floating for three days without reducing a point, this thing is rare, in ancient times, non-royal relatives and not allowed to eat.
Steamed fish with lamb square
Since the Spring and Autumn Period, the world has loved the freshness of sheep, and the sheep is the first of the "sheep delicacies", the taste of which has the crispy taste of lamb, and the freshness and tenderness of fish, which can be called the "world's first freshness", no wonder people say No wonder people say "the beauty of the sheep side hidden fish, can die a country carry on!"
Pot of snake biting chicken
In the countryside, you can find a wild food, catching snakes and cooking with the chicken, called snake bites the bird, the soup is thick and fresh. The soup is very tasty and has the beauty of wild food.
Drunk snake
It is said that the dish is the original creation of a chef surnamed Zhang in Lingnan area during the Tang Dynasty. This dish is unique in that it is made from the meat of the snake, which is steamed and cooked with dregs, and has the freshness of meat and the strong taste of wine.
Snake soup
"The autumn breeze rises, the snake is fat. It is made of shredded chicken, mushrooms and mushrooms, and is cooked together.
Braised scallop with turtle and snake
Scallop, turtle and snake stew is not for the rich and famous because of the expensive materials used and the complicated cooking. This dish is mainly made from the snake, supplemented by the scallop and turtle, and cooked with forest vegetables in the mountains, which is rich in flavor without losing its freshness.
Snake peony wine
"When the rainy season breaks the frost, the peony is in spring". During the rainy season, the peony on the branch is picked to make wine, soaked with snake meat, and later steamed with clear water, blending the sweetness of peony with the richness and beauty of snake meat, and its taste is refreshing and sweet, just like the last soft light of spring.
Dragon tiger duel
"Dragon and tiger fight, all into a plate of food". Dragon is called snake, tiger is called civet cat, dragon and tiger fight is to take the essence of these two bodies, with the secret method of cooking, this dish is not only delicious, but also has a great effect of tonic, for people called "two great".
Venison shabu shabu
Venison because of the rough taste, so people often eat it with the rolled kale, called clear fling venison. This dish looks like plum red grass green, spring, eat crisp and tasty, sweet and delicious.
Sweet Dew soup
Take one or two of venison, with onion and ginger to remove the fishy, and cloud of celery steamed into a soup, its color is like a blue stream, its taste is fresh, as if the dawn branch manna, eat a bite, or can forget all the worries of the world.
Sika deer soup
According to legend, the Three Saints plum blossom soup was made by a scholar's son in the Wei Jin Dynasty when he visited the plum garden. Take three or two deer meat soup, soup into the meat, discard the meat, add white plum into the soup, cold fragrance of meat, can be said to be the meat of the very elegant, good food in the flower.
Ube venison soup
Take the good white taro, peeled and washed, grinded into puree, and cooked with deer silk, during the need to make the taro flavor is still in, and the deer meat is melted in the mouth, the fragrance of taro and deer meat tender combined into one taste, the entrance into the strange, is a rare delicacy.
Jade tripot venison
It is said that King Mu of Zhou hunted white deer and cooked it in jade tripod, and gave it to his ministers to show his benevolence, and later emperors followed the same method. This food is also called the emperor's food, in ancient times, the emperor can not be made.
Trunk BBQ
"Zhuanzhou many wild elephants, Zhuan people caught elephants, compete to eat its nose, cloud fat and crispy, especially for sizzling". Elephant pluck is fat, crisp and boneless, tasty and beautiful, no need to cook by complicated method, just roasted by charcoal fire, it can already get its beauty.
Golden silk trunk
In the Tang Dynasty, a region tribute to the elephant pluck, the imperial chef to linden honey soaked and sealed, after a few months to take out the food, its slow frying with civil fire, the more colorful, until the color is golden, rolled honey into silk, before serving. The dish looks like it is clad in golden wool, and it has the name of "golden silk elephant pluck".
Naughty dragon
The elephant plugs are stored in cold ice to keep them fresh and tender. After two hours of cooking, the elephant pluck is cooked but not rotten, crisp and delicious, and the soup is as white as snow, fresh and mellow, then it becomes "dragon haunting sea".
Purple jade trunk
It is one of the eight treasures, its flesh is fat and crispy, and its taste is sweet and light; purple jade syrup is the best wine, its fragrance is mellow and fragrant, and its taste is strong and intense, these two things are cooked together by secret method to make purple jade syrup elephant pluck, the taste of which is either light in richness or strong in shallowness, and the ingenuity of its integration is so clever that there is no two in the world.
Roasted bear paw
"The bear, in winter, does not eat when stinging, then lick its palm, so its beauty is in the palm". The palm of the bear is the best part of the bear body, its taste is thick, with minced meat sauce steam rotten, to get the two extremely beautiful, so people say "eat its meat, do not forget the seven or eight years".
Whole grains bear paw
Eight treasure bear paw is a cold dish, take the bear paw stewed until rotten, add grass Pat Chun stew until crisp, and then into the ice cellar frozen, to cover the frost is taken out, its taste sweet and cool, for the fine cuisine in the great tonic, the great tonic in the most beautiful dishes.
High king's bear paw
A product of the king's palm is a treasure in Qi Lu food, this dish to take the fish belly and the bear's paw to slow steaming for three hours, to the fish belly juice melted in the bear's paw into, eat without fish, but can eat fish fresh, and the beauty of the bear's paw into a taste, can be described as "fish and bear's paw".
Smoked bread
"Wheat can be ground into flour, knead the dough and become a cake, into the cage steam and eaten called steam cake, also known as cooking cake". Cooking cake is easy to make, the materials used can be found, is the common food of the people.
Plain noodles
Yangchun noodles can often be found in the streets and alleys of southern China. The noodle soup is fragrant and clear, and the noodles are white and smooth, accompanied by seven or eight points of green onion, as if the spring grass is born on top of the snow, and it is comfortable and refreshing to eat.
Steamed bread
The four-color steamed buns are made from seasonal flowers and vegetables and flour, the color of which is red, meaning good fortune; yellow, meaning wealth; white, meaning long life; and purple, meaning luck.
Pancake
"Hibiscus is not a flower, like beauty makeup". Hibiscus cake to take the frosting hibiscus together with flour kneading, into the cage steam system, its out, hibiscus flower color is still in, look at the beautiful; hibiscus fragrance is also in, eat the mouth full of flower fragrance.
Lotus leaf cake
There is a common saying: "In August, dates are fragrant and lotus leaves can be obtained, so this food can warm up the cold". Date hoop and lotus leaf cake production pay attention to the slow steaming of the fire, so that the lotus fragrance into the dough, while the red dates to maintain the original taste, the sweetness of the dates and lotus flavor in one, eat sweet but not greasy.
Gold and silver peony cake
According to legend, the gold and silver peony cake was a dessert eaten by court ladies in Tang Dynasty, which had the effect of nourishing skin and beauty. It was shaped like a peony, but colored into gold and silver, and placed in a plate with brilliant glory, as if it were an ornament carved in gold and silver.
Spring rolls
The large one is wrapped with vegetables and fried, which is delicious to eat; the small one is wrapped with fruit shreds, which is greasy to eat. Because of its shape as the "mother and child phase hook belt", so called the mother and child spring cocoon, this snack set the taste of spring in one, take the most fresh vegetables and fruits in early spring to make the best.
Cherry rolls
The skin of cherry birao is as thin as a cicada wing, delicate and transparent, and the inner filling melts in the mouth, sweet but not greasy, its taste is rich and beautiful, and the eaters cannot forget it. People often quoted Yang Wanli's line "There are not many fruits in the north, but this taste is unique and beautiful" to praise its beauty.
Peach cake
The turtle peach is made with the good intention of "prolonging life", which is a big dish in the birthday banquet. It is three feet high and one arm wide, like a turtle carrying peaches, its taste is soft and sweet, just like a new peach in March, and there is no one in the world who can beat it in terms of workmanship and taste.
Fried tofu
"Tofu is sliced and fried in hot oil until golden in color, then stir-fried with sauce, removed and sprinkled with green onions. Pan-fried tofu is common at home or at restaurants, and is popular because of its fresh and crispy taste.
Tofu soup
Tofu if fried in oil, loss of its original flavor, if fried by fire, the loss of its freshness, only the best water to cook. Tofu clear soup eaten in the mouth that melts, drink the mouth sweet, although for light food, but also a special flavor.
Fish tofu
"It seems to be tasteless, but it has a hundred flavors hidden in it". The fish scented tofu is made cleverly, there is no fish in the dish, but you can smell the fish scent, and the tofu is crispy outside and tender inside, just like fish meat, which is really amazing.
Jade tofu soup
"When JI was the prime minister of Qingyang, he cleaned himself and worked hard for the people, and did not give meat, the daily market tofu a few kilograms, the people called tofu for small sheep." Because the taste of tofu is similar to that of sheep, it has the name of "small sheep", and the soup Baiyu is made by boiling spring vegetables and tofu.
Poetic tofu soup
Wenshi tofu can not be made without the skillful knife work of the caterer. This dish is like "silkworms floating at the bottom of the bowl, together with the embroidery to do the brocade", eating is "hate not to drink this taste every day, to forget the worries of human affairs".
Top tofu
A product of tofu is a product of three: the color is beautiful called a product, bright and bright, glittering like amber; fragrant called a product, sauce fragrant, ten miles can also be heard; taste fresh called a product, crispy outside and soft inside, as if white jade flowing gold.
Dongpo tofu
It is said that Su Dongpo liked tofu, and "Dongpo Tofu" was made for him. This dish is carefully selected, not often available, its food to mouth and teeth aroma, only feel delicious but do not know what taste, as if heavenly food rather than earthly things.
Cliff cloud
"The dish is said to have been created by a monk in the Southern Dynasty. According to legend, this dish was created by a monk in the Southern Dynasty, so the tofu in the dish is as moist as a white wall, and the hair vegetable is as smooth as green silk, so it got its name. The dish is also known as "the most precious of the vegetarian dishes", and the people of the time said that it is "better than the dried deer and bear's paw".
Mushroom salad
"Salary surface new plus fine, pissing firm as jade dun. With the knife falling silver strands, cooked into the cold spring basin." In the hot summer, picking green acacia leaves to make cold amoy, with mushrooms, it becomes a cold amoy with mushrooms, which is refreshing and can dispel the summer heat.
Mushroom soup
Silver fungus and shiitake mushroom are both treasures of the mountains. The soup is cooked over a gentle fire, combining the sweetness of the silver fungus and the freshness of the shiitake mushroom into one, which is not only delicious but also medicinal, and is often eaten as a health food.
Mixed color soup
The soup is made by boiling mushrooms and several kinds of mountain vegetables in rice soup, which is named "miscellaneous color soup" because of its crystal soup color and the floating mottled color of the skin.
Honey mushrooms
"Shiitake mushroom is sweet, flat and non-toxic". The mushroom is sweet, so it is boiled together with honey until the sugar is covered with mushrooms and the sweetness is soaked into the mushroom meat, then it becomes a "mushroom dessert".
Tai-Chi soup
Tai-Chi Soup is a vegetarian delicacy for health. This dish is made from mushrooms and egg whites, which is black and white, just like a taiji diagram.
Moon under river
According to legend, this dish is the first-class vegetarian dish in the vegetarian banquet of Si Zhou Temple, which was once liked by the Tang Emperor. The mushroom is half of the dish, and the gluten is half of the dish, and the color of the dish is glittering.
Arhat meal
Where there is the Buddha's birthday, there is Luohan fasting. Luohanzhai is one of the vegetarian food, which is made from 18 kinds of rare vegetables in the mountains and forests, because of its special cooking methods, and can leave the original taste of the mountains and forests, eat to say: "If there is no Luohanzhai on earth, how can the Buddha come down to earth".
Pickled bamboo shoot
"Dixie bamboo shoots and piper's buds new into the food, better than eating with fresh meat". The literati of the time love the cleanliness of bamboo shoots, can not bear to take away its taste, it will create a clear supply of stuffed bamboo shoots, this dish looks fresh and elegant, taste with the new bamboo shoots after the rain, eat fresh meat is not replaced.
Chopsuey
In early summer, asparagus is in full bloom and its taste is fresh and crispy. The above vegetarian dish is made by stir-frying young asparagus at the beginning of summer, with its crispy and sweet taste.
Tricolor emerald
Picking the freshest young bamboo shoots, water celery, lettuce, cut as thin as green shreds, blanched in water, and then stir-fried in veggie oil, and become three colors of blue and green shreds. The three colors are similar and different, with a mixture of green and turquoise, just like a plate of spring, which is a rare delicacy in summer.
Dongpo radish soup
"In former times, when I was a guest at Yeo Tong College, after every meal, I would have vegetable soup, which was very lovely and clear. After the meal, the soup is like a sweet nectar. This dish is made with great care, not from the asparagus after the rain, not from the springs of the mountains and forests, and if it is cooked with these two flavors, it is better than all the flavors in the world.
10 colors soup
According to the legend, the ten-color head soup was created by a mountain hermit during the Tang Dynasty, who took a hundred of rare vegetables from the forest and cooked them over a long period of time with a gentle fire, and got the name of "ten-color head soup" because its color looked like "a hundred overlapping haze rolled at the beginning, ten different colors of brocade cut at first". It is said to be "the joy of the world".
Emerald tower
"Bamboo shoots are the first of the vegetables, fat sheep and boars are not enough to compare; stone marrow is the first of the stones, to protect children and restore the face without the golden elixir". Stone marrow jade pagoda set the freshness of bamboo shoots, stone marrow of the utility and into a dish, eat to say its heavenly things, can make the cranium hair for a child's face.
Lotus seeds soup
"The lotus is sweet, warm and astringent, with a clear and fragrant aroma, with the taste of harvest, and is the fruit of the spleen. Lotus seeds should be boiled in water to remove the bitterness and astringency and get all the aroma, which not only tastes good but also nourishes the heart and kidneys.
Water lotus
"The fragrance of the Buddha's seat is still far away. The new lotus seeds are steamed with glutinous rice until the rice is soft and glutinous and the lotus seeds are soft and fragrant, then they are put into the lotus puffs and boiled in water.
Lotus cake
Picking the lotus seeds at the beginning of May and crushing them into fine powder, adding sugar and oil makes lotus seed paste, which tastes sweet but not greasy and has a soft texture, wrapped in dough and baked, the sweetness of lotus seed paste and the crispness of crispy flush can be obtained, and people said: "If you don't eat lotus seed paste and crispy flush, you don't know the taste of the world.
Sweet lotus
The lotus seeds of Dongting Lake are the best lotus seeds in the world. The sweetness of the lotus seeds is just the right intensity to neutralize the bitterness of the lotus seeds without taking away their fragrance.
7 treasure seeds
The seven treasures are: lotus seeds, red dates, glutinous rice, red beans, black rice, almonds, and walnuts. According to legend, Wu Zetian was fond of gaming, and the palace chef made "Seven Treasures Chess" with the seven treasures to offer.
Jade ginkgo
"Jade mushroom, calm and nourish the mind; white fruit, warm the lung and benefit the qi". It is said that there was an old man in Tang Dynasty who ate this porridge day by day and still did not look old at the age of 100, which is strange.
Bird's nest gruel
Bird's nest ginkgo porridge is taken from the best bird's nest and white fruit, boiled and cooked with a gentle fire, the bird's nest is sweet and the white fruit is sweet, boiled and eaten, you can get the essence of both, eat, can clear the lungs and stomach turbidity, so as to prolong life.
Pearl gruel
Golden bowl of pearl soup for the palace to maintain the beauty of the sacred products, not the noble family can not get. White fruit shell white flesh yellow, long cooked with a shimmer, and the bitterness is gone, with honey and into the golden bowl, just like the "pearl jade tingling bowl to", eat only sigh "this sweet, but not gold, stone, pearls and jade can be compared to".
Poetic ginkgo
According to legend, Confucius' descendants built the Hall of Poetry and Rites, in front of which ginkgo trees were planted, and in autumn they bore ginkgo fruits, which were large and plentiful, making them beautiful to serve. It was a famous dish in the feast of the Confucius Mansion, which was known as "one of the best white fruit dishes" because of its beautiful color, fragrant taste and health benefits.
Tai-Chin soup
"There is an immortal's house in the South Mountain. When a woodcutter entered the house in search of flowers, he saw a spiritual light on the winding road. It is said that the soup is made after the immortal's drink and can be eaten to ascend to immortality, because its color is clear and pure, so it is named "Tai Qing Tang".
Jade belt Lion's Mane Mushroom soup
Monkey head soup is made by boiling fresh monkey head mushroom and rice. The mushroom is fragrant and tender, and when chewed with soft rice, the mouth and teeth are full of fragrance and warmth, no wonder people say: "I'd rather have a negative impact on the Chin-shek corn than monkey head soup".
Braised Lion's Mane Mushroom
"The mountain forest to pick up the head of the white ape, cooking taste better than jelly. The head of the white ape in jelly is colorless, but the fragrance is thick, and the taste is varied, sometimes as light as the grass is awakening, and sometimes as cold as the jelly is intoxicating, and the beauty of this is worthy of the reputation of "the chief of vegetarian food".
Braised fish fillet
The fishermen live by the rivers, there is no other taste at home, but to cook fish and eat, fish sliced thin, and then stewed with water vegetables, food can be called a fresh word.
Braised fish
Grass carp meat is fine and tender, if red-cooked with sauce, the material into the muscle, salty with sweet, smell the aroma of the nose, eat fresh and fatty.
Dual color sashimi
"Fish bladder is sweet, flat and non-toxic". Tang people like to eat fish raw, grass carp is the most fatty at the time of Gu Yu, the whole body can be eaten, the fish bladder is white, acyl pulp is red, the two colors reflect, its taste is delicious.
Fish BBQ
Fire by the paste spicy fish is a good dish in the Shu food records. This dish is mainly about the fire, the second to pay attention to the three flavors, eating the crispy skin and tender meat, spicy and fragrant, in line with the Su Shi "fire to the natural beauty of" the words.
Strange taste of Livingstoni
The meat of grass carp is fatty, but has a fishy smell, if steamed with Hua Diao, it can remove the fishy, and then add five ingredients, with acyl syrup to eat together, both the freshness of the fish, but also the sweetness of the wine, although the words are strange, but a special flavor.
Fish soup of Song
According to the legend, when Emperor Song Gaozong boarded the imperial boat for a leisurely trip to West Lake, he was attracted by the fragrance of fish soup made by a woman at the West Lake, who ate the fish soup and praised the beauty of the taste.
Crispy fish
According to the legend, the original name of the fish was "crispy fish", but the name was given to the fish because the Emperor of the Song Dynasty ate it and issued an imperial decree. The fish is cooked in a secret way, which makes the fish bones crispy and the fish spines rotten, but the fish meat is tender and smooth, very strange.
West-lake's sour fish
It is a unique flavor of Jiangnan, with fresh fish meat, sweet and sour taste, which is not to be forgotten, no wonder the poem says "West Lake is the best, and it can be done here in Kyoto".
Drunk fish
"In May, the azalea reflects the lake red, the petals fall on the surface of the lake, for the fish to compete for food, the fish eat, have drunk the lake, called 'drunk fish'. The local people cook this fish with secret method to get rid of the fish in the slightest poison and save its freshness, this taste to eat is said to be the most beautiful, just say: Azalea drunk fish, this taste drunk on earth.
Boiled shrimp
Choose green shrimp into the water, choose green shrimp into the water boiling, cooked when removed, dipped in sauce and eat, eat all the green shrimp fresh, sweet, tender taste of the original, so the dish is easy to do and tasty, so every shrimp banquet, it must have this dish.
Roasted wine shrimp
"Do wine baked green shrimp, it is appropriate to take strong wine, wine can be drunk shrimp, shrimp drunk can be drunk". Marinated green shrimp with strong wine, until the fragrance of wine soaked shrimp meat, then slow roasting green shrimp with a civilian fire, until the shell of the shrimp are crispy is ready, delicious.
Mustard shrimp
The freshness of the shrimp, without complicated work, only with the spicy fragrance of mustard, is enough to taste its beauty, its sweetness and hot and spicy together in one meal, unforgettable at first taste.
Perilla shrimp
The taste of perilla, rich and fragrant, fried with shrimp, can remove the fishy freshness, before eating the plate, the unique aroma of perilla and shrimp meat, the fragrance of the fragrance, mouth-watering.
Fried shrimp
Royal belt shrimp is a delicacy in the Confucius family food, the taste of this dish is tender and fresh, smooth and delicious, the color of the meat white and red shell, bright and beautiful, look like the imperial belt brocade ribbon, wrapped around the waist, so the name of the royal belt shrimp.
Shrimp shabu shabu
Qiantang River tide, roll fish and shrimp on shore, the green shrimp skin whole and rotten, will be flung on top of the bamboo skewers, charcoal grilled to make "flung tide green shrimp", eaten outside crispy and soft inside, can be a heavenly taste.
Immortals soup
"Spring, everything begins to sue, peach blossom, pear blossom elegant, magnolia clear, green shrimp fresh", the four types of ingredients cooked together as a soup, it is the most beautiful in early spring, or can be served as the Yao Chi table feast, with the group of immortals under the moon taste.
Longjing tea shrimp
"Longjing before Ming is said to be the most expensive in the mountains". Longjing shrimp is taken from Longjing and fresh green shrimp stir-fried. This dish, shrimp white as Rangan, tea green like jade; taste, fragrant together with sweet, smooth and mellow fresh, listed in the table, can be called "delicacies first".
Carp sashimi
"For me to ask the delicacy, goldfish chopped carp". During the Han and Wei dynasties, the scholars loved to eat chopped, especially the carp chopped for the most, its system to come without fire and smoke, only to remove the scales and select the meat can be eaten, fresh and fat without comparison.
Dry braised stone carp
The carp is thick and rich, and the meat is tight and tender, so it is cooked by dry-roasting method.
Braised carp
It is a famous dish in the Kong family because it is shaped like "holding a son and a grandson", so it gets the name "Huai Huai Carp".
Sweet and sour carp
According to legend, the five willow vinegared fish was created by Du Fu, named after the five-colored silk covering the back of the fish. On the bank of the Ruanhua River, in the humble room of the Caohuatang, Du Fu met with his friends, and made a plate of five willow vinegared fish, fresh and light, sweet and refreshing, which is the joy of the life of the displaced, salty and less.
Flavored carp
Squirrel carp is one of the top dishes in Gusu, and its fame has reached all directions. Squirrel carp looks like a squirrel lying on a plate, its fragrance is sweet and fragrant, its taste is sour and delicious, and it deserves the reputation of "color and fragrance, taste and shape".
Blossom fish belly
Fish belly white food fresh, no more taste, only to water cooking, the beauty of the fish belly can be out, its fresh flavor, smell like seeing "a hundred flowers on the island like a brocade" scene, its texture firm, eat to a sudden "water full mouth tongue fish swim" sense.
Braised dragon tentacle
There is a proverb in Shu: "one bream, two rocks, three green mackerel". The spring rock carp is the best of the Sichuan River scaled fish, its beard is boneless and sweet, is the most precious rock carp, the secret method of Sichuan braised into "dragon's beard braised", the beauty of its taste can only be assessed by the word "heavenly".
Steamed crab
In autumn, the crab is full of yellow and fat, steamed in water, and when it comes out, it is a delicious dish, peel the shell and take the meat, dip it in some sauce and eat it.
Scallop and crab
Red crab meat is fat, cut into shreds and steamed with dried scallops, which is like golden stone and white jade, thick and dense, sweet and sweet, which is a good food for young and old.
Cream crab
This dish is made in eight steps, with one half being scarlet and the other half being green, resembling a pair of mandarin ducks in the middle.
Orange crab
"The taste is especially recommended for wine, and the fragrance and beauty is most suitable for orange". This dish is the most elegant, with the fragrance of orange and the beauty of crab in one taste, and it is the most popular among the literati, saying that it is "the most beautiful of all, with the beauty in the yellow.
Flavored crab
In order to preserve the freshness of crab, most of the crab is steamed, but crab in a crab box is a special dish among crab dishes. The crab meat is stir-fried with crabapple and spices, and then taken out into the crab shell until the color changes slightly, and then covered with egg white snow coating on it.
Confect crab
The crab is called "hand-washing crab", which is made from raw crab, mixed with salt, plum and orange pepper, and eaten after washing the hands. Red crab is full of fat and rich, the meat is delicate, no need to cook, it already has five flavors, a total of orange and vinegar mixed with the hands can be tasted, its taste is as beautiful as the pillar of mother-of-pearl, fresh as the oyster room, crisp as the tongue of Shi Shi.
Weever fish sashimi
"The autumn breeze is rising and leaves flying, Wujiang water and bass fat". The perch in Wu in autumn is the most popular, its color is as white as jade, eat fresh and tender, this taste at the moment, no wonder the Western Jin Zhang Ji Ying think of Ulva, the taste of perch and abandon the official.
Steamed weever fish
The method of steaming is the best way to ensure the freshness of the ingredients. Steamed sea bass, it is advisable to choose a foot long fat sea bass, steaming time should be just the right length, then you can get the freshness of sea bass in the extreme, no other taste comparable.
Weever fish soup
Take a sea bass, clean and cut into strips, and cook it with onion and ginger in a pot, sprinkle a little salt when serving, the taste is said to be fresh, a bowl of drinking, then the rustling autumn cool, can be turned into the warmth of spring.
Creamy weever fish soup
The fish is white as snow, which is a treasure in the river, and it is accompanied by mushrooms and bamboo shoots, which adds a touch of mountain game to the river food.
7 treasure weever fish
Four-gill perch, said to be the first river food, and the mountain forest seven treasures cooking, mountain treasures do not take the freshness of the perch, the perch does not ignore the beauty of the mountain treasures, the two phases have their own taste, before eating the plate, just smell its fragrance, it will pour four seats, is the highest fish dishes.
Raw shell abalone
The abalone is already served in ancient times, history says: "Wang Mang will be defeated, worry about not eating rice, only drink wine to eat abalone", its freshness is evident, only boiled in water, it is said to be fragrant and fresh.
Ginger abalone
When the sky is about to snow in the evening, you can cook a pot of ginger wine cassia to drive away the cold and increase the warmth to prevent wind chill. Ginger, warm in nature; stone cassia, also known as abalone, has the effect of liver cleansing, these two ingredients cooked together, while tasting delicious, can also be used for medicinal purposes.
4 treasure dishes
Four treasures are called: "wide belly, abalone, chicken breast, dragon beard", take the best of these four materials, by steaming and a white steak four treasures, salty and aromatic abundance, for the dignitaries like, because of its food materials Jade, so the non-wealthy can not get.
Buddha jump wall
"The aroma of meat on the altar floats to the four neighbors, Buddha heard the abandonment of Zen jumping wall". Buddha jumping wall set dozens of expensive ingredients simmered in a jar, eat the rich meat aroma, taste in the taste, people said it: "the number of delicacies in the north and south of the sky, read through the delicacies still love this".
Fresh Sturgeon
Sturgeon meat is tender and tasty, boiled in water to preserve its original flavor. This dish soup is thick white aroma thick, meat taste to the most beautiful, people say its "eat a bite and can not stop", so it is also called "inedible".
Dragon fish sashimi
"plum must be less than snow three white, snow but lose plum a fragrance", take the winter snow plum, fresh sturgeon, placed on the plate, sturgeon slices rolled snow plum and eat, fresh and sweet and smooth, the color, fragrance, taste three in the extreme also.
Braised emperor fish bone
It is said that a famous chef cooked a dish called "Roasted Fish Bone of Qin Emperor" at the time of the Confucius Banquet because he was angry with Qin Shi Huang's move of "burning books and burying Confucius", which has been passed down to this day because of its delicious taste. Sturgeon fish bones with crystal color are very valuable food, also called dragon bones. Roasted Qinhuang fish bones take the best dragon bones, and sturgeon fish meat, by boiling soup, boiling, steaming and made, its taste is the most beautiful, hard to find on earth.
