News From The Capital
Gyeonggi food: mutton, head soup, large and small bones, and all kinds of buns, etc.
The smell is beautiful and really mouth-watering....
Each place has its own local cuisine....
In fact, just some ordinary taste, there is no special....
Kyowa kits include miscellaneous dramas, puppets, novels, music and dance, sumo, and shadow play.
There are so many different kinds, and everything seems interesting!
One of them.... I seem to have seen, it is not bad....
These I have seen, ordinary people can see....
The custom of women wearing needles, knotting colors and making flowers and melons on the eve of the seventh day is from the capital.
Earthly customs are really lovely and relatable....
Although the custom is coincidental, it does not seem to matter where it comes from....
Tanabata customs, everyone is not so....
Winter month no vegetables and tea, Beijing people need to collect winter vegetables before the winter, for a winter use.
I wonder how they collect....
Jinggi ground cold, so although it has become a commonplace, but not unusual....
In fact, the melon and vegetable cellar, food without fresh....
Linhe Zhu Bridge like a flying rainbow, weeping poplar dipped in the water, tobacco pavement embankment, there are often people fishing.
Rainbow bridge like a rainbow, the street fishing, but is beautiful and interesting....
Looks like good hydrology in the river?
I often go to the bridge to walk, and do not feel any strange....
The imperial palace is still occasionally seen in the capital's gardens, and visitors often come here to watch the rocky mountains and clouds.
The art of gardening is really profound, and the financial resources spent on the garden must be huge....
Listen to the description is really worth a look....
Tourists have traveled all over, why mention it again....
The old palace is now gone, or has collapsed, or has been remodeled, or has disappeared into thin air.
It is saddening to see how time has changed....
The things in between are unspeakable....
Just a broken wall, the deceased....
Temples in the capital often hosted fasting meetings, while trading curiosities, goods, books, etc.
Why not go to the Lenten meeting for a stroll, and also eat some tea and fruit....
I wonder if it is appropriate for the temple to be involved in mundane affairs....
I had gone shopping, and it was similar to the usual rally....
In the old days of the capital, there were carved cars and BMWs, flowers and drums everywhere on the Imperial Road.
The old time scenery is really desirable....
But no one knows if it's true or not....
I've known this since I was a kid....
Chengdu Insights
Shu people's diet is still taste, good spice, adjust the five flavors, often with sugar cane, ginger and pepper as a complement.
Basho is rich in products, such as flawed English mushrooms, salt springs and iron smelting, and period cattle light banner.
It's a place of beauty....
One of them.... I seem to have seen, it's not bad....
I've seen these before and there is nothing unique about them....
The city is a good place for fun, and at the time of the festival, the city comes out to enjoy the songs and dances of the champions and the flowers of the ten miles.
It does seem to be different from other places....
I've seen all these landscapes....
There are cats and bears in Shu, as big as a bear, black and white color, bamboo, meekness, ancient name of brave.
I'm glad to hear that, if I'm lucky enough to meet one or two, I'll be fine!
But I don't know where I can meet....
Cats and bears are also unusual, cats and bears are also unusual....
Ba people still white tiger, rituals are prevalent, occasionally found in ancient ritual pits with copper trees, bronze people, etc..
There are ancient relics, it is really lucky for my generation....
People have survived for generations....
Sacrifice to the sacred animals, as it should be....
There was a time when Li Bing made a target to guide water to cure floods, and the Shu area was then flooded and drought-free, and was called the Heavenly Palace.
Heaven, Earth and People, the name of Tianfu turns out to be so....
That man does have some skills....
My generation is clothed and fed, it has been an ordinary life....
Wangdi Duyu was transformed into Zigui when he left, so the Shu people heard Zigui and missed Wangdi.
The cuckoo cries for blood, a cry for thought....
There's something moving about Zigui's statement....
The cuckoo has cried all over, the hope that the emperor has not returned....
Yu Xing in Ba, after the Yellow River also from Ba Shu, and through the four barbarians Kyushu.
The Great Yu, the Emperor, ruled water for thousands of generations....
So now you can go in all directions....
Yu travels all over China, not stopping at Ba Shu....
There are special burial name hanging coffin, placed in the hole in the cliff wall coffin, such as the immortal burial bones.
The height of the cliff, I wonder if there are immortals to help....
Oh, the coffin was placed on the mountain....
In fact, the immortal burial bones, but the blackmail....
Guizhou
Some people live under the waterfall, the bottom of the wooden frame storage of livestock, the upper living people, sound "dry bar".
Under the waterfall? It's really something else....
So rare, I wonder how it actually lives....
I have seen this sight, very unusual....
In the old days, the Tusi set up a medical office to study internal medicine, external cleansing, fumigation, compresses and other medical methods.
Does Guangnan medicine really have its own origin, or can it cure strange diseases?
Try these people for healing next time you're sick....
In fact, they are all healing and saving people, just in different ways....
Lantern night a certain ethnic group has the custom of stealing other people's greens and radishes, the stolen person is not angry but happy.
How could it have acted this way? What is the reason for this....
There may be some reason for this....
My generation thought it was a blessing and not a surprise....
Rumor has it that the baby is a sacred flower planted by the flower lady, which falls on earth and needs to be worshipped after birth.
Perhaps everyone has an affinity with the divine flower, but it is very amorous....
If a person is a flower, will the flower also be reincarnated as a person?
Yeah, it's always been like that....
In the old days, songs and dances to worship the gods, now for the entertainment of the crowd, there are song dikes held in the spring or autumn.
The crowd gathered in song and dance, I think the relationship is very good....
Sacrifice to the gods to entertain people, all for the sake of people....
When people celebrate, nature is God's welfare....
Guangnan is unique to polishing autumn, and it is wonderful to see people rising and falling and rotating at both ends of the wooden crossbar.
Listen to the shape, is it not like a flying fairy dance?
Normal people should be difficult to do....
Festivals are often seen, there is nothing strange....
See the little boy Sheng dressed as an official, the crowd while comical dance, while carrying it forward.
Can others participate? I'd like to see it too....
Should it be a festive celebration? How did the boy official choose to come?
Oh, funny costumes, indeed often....
There is a one-stringed zither, the world is strange, made of bamboo, carved wood for the head of the viper, with the string tied to the top.
It is difficult to make a song with one string, with this one-stringed zither, perhaps the world will change its view....
The manufacturing techniques may also be very different....
It does happen, but not so peculiarly....
Although Guangnan is hot, but there are cold mountains, the top like five phoenix through the clouds, there were immortal feathering.
Hot land and cold mountains, perhaps also the immortals shed....
If we look for this mountain, perhaps we can be reincarnated?
There is no direction, it is a blackmail....
Xiangyang
Jingbei is located in the choke point, traditionally for the soldiers must fight, the three countries had in this coiled cross.
This place has witnessed many storms....
Between the mountains and rivers, the reason for the terrain, but also the fate of heaven....
Where mountains and rivers pass, nature contends with each other....
The lacquer tree and sand gold are produced in the region, and the lacquer ware has been painted since the spring and autumn, and the color has never declined.
Does the color stay intact? What are the ingredients that make it possible to achieve this?
Fine brushwork is the work of a skilled craftsman....
This process you speak of, in fact, common....
Local good gongs and drums, knocking when fierce as fire, can be accompanied by singing and dancing, storytelling, opera and so on.
Gongs and drums accompanied by storytelling, with the momentum of a very....
The gongs and drums accompanying the opera really add color....
The gong is really an unusual thing....
Travel with caution, occasionally see mountain bandits, water bandits, cruel and fierce, ghostly.
Killing people to cross the border is really cruel and heartless....
If a competent person meets him, he should be disciplined....
In today's world, there are more thieves in the first place....
Jing north of the mountainous terrain, the natives cross tethering frame plate into the pavilion road, so the mountain can be passed.
The high place pavilion road, its manufacture should be very difficult....
I don't know how many people have lost their lives because they made this....
Well, the mountain has traditionally passed by this method....
A certain place still witch sound, it is said that the witch can communicate with God through witch sound, or can cure diseases.
What is the sound of Wuyin? What's the sound of a soprano....
Such music seems to be very beautiful....
Indeed sometimes, it's nothing....
There are many Taoist temples in Jingbei, located on top of famous mountains, and people from all over the world come here to seek advice.
No wonder there is that.... No wonder the world comes here....
The people who come here are also sincere....
Famous mountain Taoist temple, should be known to the world....
If you are lucky enough to see an ancient tomb in Spring and Autumn, or a tomb of a king of Chu, you can see hundreds of components of chimes.
I have heard that the music of the chimes is solemn and pleasant to the ear, very beautiful....
I don't know where to find this Spring and Autumn tomb?
Chimes in ancient times, accompanied by burial is not uncommon....
There are many Shun shrines in this area, because after Shun meditated on the throne, he made alchemy in a certain purple cave and soared to the top in the daylight.
Where is Zixia Cave? Did you really ascend?
Next time I will also go to visit the Sun Temple....
I've heard about it, but no one has found it....
What we saw in Taiyuan
The land produces corn, rice, millet and wheat, all spikes are large, of which the wheat skin is thin and more white, eaten by people.
This climate, can produce such products, or is the reason for the soil and water?
It sounds like it's better than the other places....
The people of this area are simple, shame of prostitution and theft less litigation, farming and weaving for a living, marriage and funeral help.
If everyone helps each other, it is really a happy place....
Indeed simple, I think there must be an origin....
This is often the case with the people, and not always....
The land of Hedong is easy, there are salt and iron spare, Han smelt the world copper and iron.
Is it because this place was the center of the world during the Han Dynasty?
Where there is salt and iron, there will be wealth and prosperity....
There is no such prosperity today....
There are places where the stone is thick and the soil is thin and barren, see the cliff grottoes of many Buddha statues, chiseled since Wei.
Devotees devout, square carved giant Buddha statue....
Chiseling the cave statue of Buddha consumes a lot of manpower and effort....
Cave Buddha statues, in fact, should be considered common....
This place has a rigid and chivalrous, good victory and generous and open-minded, with the legacy of the Western Jin Dynasty.
I think it is the legacy of the Western Jin Dynasty, people also influence future generations....
If you are lucky enough to make some friends, it would be a beautiful thing....
Jianghu see more of these warriors....
The custom is that officials riding horses do not enter the village, marriage is ashamed to discuss money, quite ancient style.
Why don't you ride your horse into the village? The villagers don't like it?
Marriage regardless of money? Then it's about character?
The way it should be....
The people respect the gods and believe in the witch, the slightest injustice will ask the gods, often held temple rituals and jiao-festival.
I'm sure the temple festival is very lively....
I don't know what god is being honored....
It is indeed very lively, but it is all common....
Shanxi had cremation, a governor engraved a stone to prohibit, so people are ashamed to burn the body.
I wonder which governor it was? The impact is so....
Cremation coffin burial, are some traditions....
Cremation is indeed inappropriate, my generation has long accepted this point....
Because Zitui died in the mountain, cold food people do not dare to smoke 㸑, pray for the old and young sick and dying.
The past is gone, but the present still misses it....
That fire won't burn the ancestors anymore....
What is so strange about the sacrifice to the ancestors?
Guangzhou Insights
The people eat fish, rice, razor clams, wear wooden clogs, and have fun with chicken bones and songs.
By the sea and by the river, and such a diet, is the customs....
It sounds like relaxation and pleasure....
Just some ordinary things, nothing special....
Guangdong melons and fruits are unique papaya bitter melon, golden hairpin melon, Dan Li, yellow banana, betel nut, plum and coconut.
Many melons and fruits that are really mouth-watering....
Each place has its own local products....
In fact, it is just a common taste, there is no special....
The length of day and night in this area is similar year after year, it is said that all four seasons are summer, a rain will become autumn.
Winter should be sheltered here....
Is it perhaps even hotter here in the summer?
No change in the four seasons, I have long been used to....
There is a stone ink stone pit in the mountain, the stone is smooth and delicate, and it is a famous ink stone in the world.
Ink stone, need the time and place, this place to get the....
If I am lucky enough to use it, I can comment on it....
Inkstones are not considered hard to come by locally....
If it rains a lot on the day of bathing Buddha, the lychee is abundant, and the people break lychee to recommend ancestors on the summer solstice.
Lychee is very tasty? May there be more rain on this day every year....
Ancestors also love lychee?
My generation loves lychee, and our ancestors naturally love....
In Guangdong, the long tide is the head of the water, and the low tide is the tail of the water, so fishermen get fish every time the tide is long.
There are big fish between the head and tail, wonderful!
The fish arrived because of the tide, but before they could go, they were caught....
This is true for all seaside fishing....
In the old days, the officials were relegated to this place, and there were many people who came here, and the world thought that this place was barbaric and smoky.
Miasma is always annoying and can also destroy the human body....
Servants are also very hard....
In the past, there was really a lot of smoke and miasma, and foreigners often got sick....
There is a state by the sea, so that the ship crossing the sea often encounter wind and thunder, over wind and thunder or can be to the South Vietnam.
South Vietnam foreign land, I have some yearning....
Since there are wind and thunder, no one dares to rush to....
In today's world, each person is no longer in the mood to go to sea....
Occasionally someone saw a strange sight said cloud floating water, mountains and water floating above the clouds and fog, or immortals swim.
Perhaps the fairy set up by the fairy, linger....
The spectacle has always been very beautiful....
But you and I have not seen it, or is blackmail....
A look at Qingzhou
The peninsula is near the sea, but the sea has wind and waves, so the internal repair canal through the thoroughfare, so convenient.
This is the former people planted trees, the latter people take advantage of the cool....
In this way, it will be possible to reach all directions....
Nowadays it is mostly abandoned....
Shandong still Confucius, often perform rituals to place the sage Confucian position, literature Bin Bin A side.
The style of Confucianism, the flow makes people know the rites....
The festival also sounds very grand....
Sage Confucius is indeed a sage and sage....
Qi land negative sea more brine, not suitable for grains, so the red women's industry through the profit of fish and salt.
The people so survive according to the local conditions....
A place for a people....
It's always been like that, nothing unusual....
The people of this area are very tame, not good at traveling, and the women are prudent and respectful.
Could it be because of the influence of the sages here?
Traveling far does require more thought....
Well, indeed....
Regardless of the joyous celebration of drinking, mash elegant meeting, the people will return at dusk, not to make a long night gathering.
It is wise to know and abide by the rules, and not to overdo it....
Such self-restraint, is still desirable....
Returning home early is a habit of my generation....
Occasional local visions, such as the unicorn now, snake negative snake, wood Lian Li, five-color bird set.
Such visions, each may have a meaning....
I think the feng shui of this place is prone to precious beasts....
Biology on its own, not considered different....
According to legend, in ancient times, there are thirty carpenters for the wheel to build the hanging pavilion, line between the various places.
Such a thing, ingenious, really want to see something....
I don't know where to meet....
I have known this for a long time, but there is no solid evidence....
Mountain picking pine nuts, peach, Huazhi, etc., may be the immortal bait food, often served will be feathered.
The mountain produces spiritual fruit? Maybe I've eaten them between rumors....
If you find the spiritual fruit, often take it how good....
I have eaten the fruit of the mountain and have not become immortal....
According to legend, someone into the sea, hungry to take the white stone for food, and met the wind and see the fairy island spring scenery.
Fang book of the legend, the East China Sea is indeed an immortal island, that person is fortunate....
White stone can be eaten? That's the elixir of immortality....
Although I have long heard of it, no one has come back to confirm it....
A glimpse of Gangneung
Jingnan fishery is rich, the people often eat fish and bamboo shoots and rice, taste sweet and sour bitter and spicy.
Chu dialect is unique in sound and rhyme, and Chu rhymes with its rhyme, writing the history of mountains and rivers.
Wonderful, Chu is the rhetoric to carry on....
The sound and rhyme are very lively, the ear can still hear....
Well, the dialect will be as I am now saying this....
Passing between the gorges by boat, the wind is a day a thousand miles, sometimes not into the wind, but back.
A thousand miles a day, riding the wind and waves is really beautiful....
The current is fast and furious between the mountain gorges, and the boat moves with the water....
The water is swift and can send the boat on its way....
Native aromatic herbs, such as fragrant pepper, orchid, dogwood, jiangli, duheng, etc.
You can go and pick peper herbs, like a gentleman....
The ancients love fragrant grass, there must be a unique everywhere....
Is there anything strange about seeing people wearing frangipani around?
There are legends such as the river Han Xiaoxiang water, boat sails, land like the country of water, the flow of Xiang Princess.
The legend is beautiful and memorializing....
The City on the Water, the Thinking of the Long....
Uh.... I am familiar with those legends....
The scenic beauty of Xiaoxiang includes the snow in the sky, the clear mountain, the night rain in Xiaoxiang, and the autumn moon in Dongting.
How can one not go to see this beautiful scenery?
Sounds aspirational....
I know all or have been to....
The Yellow Crane Tower was built in the Three Kingdoms, and it is a must-see for all generations of inscriptions.
The white clouds are empty for a thousand years....
Look high and far, the view will be in full view....
Yellow Crane Tower is a famous scenic spot, who does not know....
It is said that after walking through a certain cave, you will see Peach Blossom Garden.
People in the Peach Blossom Garden, when they are different from us....
I wonder what kind of wonderland the Peach Blossom Garden is?
No one is really looking for the peach blossoms....
Some people saw a mountain ghost in the mountains, riding on a red leopard, wearing a female lily, with a beautiful appearance.
Is it the rumored mountain ghost? Did anyone really see it?
I wonder to what extent its beauty is?
No one is really looking for the mountain ghost....
Fuzhou Insights
The coastal people rely on fish and salt for their lives, and those who rely on the mountains to mulberry and sisal for their business, and generally good Buddhism.
It is also a side of the water to raise a side of the people....
The land is narrow and mountainous, with the mountain field, the field is high and not afraid of flooding, the spring is not afraid of drought, less hungry years.
This place is a very pleasant water and soil....
Living here is very reassuring....
It's true, but it's important not to forget to think in peace....
Since the Five Dynasties chaos, the Jiangbei scholars and tycoons fled to this area, so the development.
Historical origins, all have roots....
Are the people of this area the same as the people of Jiangbei?
Movement due to war is not peculiar, my ancestors may also....
In this area, there is a strong emphasis on education, and women can study together with men.
Women can study with men? It was very rare in the old days....
This custom is agreeable....
That's how it's always been locally....
Guo Pu Ming Yun this place is not dyed in case of disaster, the Tang monk Nirvana 䜟 Yun this place never move.
So say.... this place is like a divine treasure land....
It is a good story to be forewarned by a high person....
However, in fact, the disaster also defeated....
The old legend has the rapture of the boat, the walker into the sea, the long sail through the barbarians, interactions with the survival of no danger.
Now can we go to a foreign country again?
The sea is open to navigation, and travel to and from here should be rich....
Now no longer stored....
The custom is to dote on daughters, soon after the death of the husband will be remarried, and if the old man is sick, the daughter will return home.
The daughter of this place, should be very comfortable....
I know something about it, but I don't know what traditions lead to....
That's the way people are supposed to be....
This place to get the poor son abandoned children, care as their own, rumor has it that people to Chun can see the red lotus turned white.
No wonder we heard earlier that there are red lotuses turning white....
The orphans are no longer suffering, the customs of this place are simple....
People helping each other is really common in the local....
There were three immortals magic cure demons, after the invisible into the stone, so in danger can seek the stone blessing.
Surprisingly, then I also try to go to the stone to seek immortality next time!
Where can I learn the magic of the three immortals?
Well, the local elderly say so....
Liaoyang
There are many mountains in Liao land, with grains, cattle and horses, sackcloth, terracotta and good mink.
More things than the Central Plains, but also less things....
A wide variety of species, different from the Middle Kingdom....
Has always been these products, there is no special....
Liao land blocking mountains with rivers, across according to the majestic armor, human nature is tough and good at riding and shooting, often run the countryside shooting.
I also have some desire to go to see the countryside shooting competition....
This place is vast and not without reason....
Indeed there are often country shots held....
In the old days, women wore cloth skirts, men wore pigskin fur, head inserted tiger and leopard tail, face decorations.
If I had the chance, I would like to dress like this....
It's got some style....
Because the local terroir is suitable for such dress....
Liao land is extremely cold, there are ethnic cave dwelling, to deep for expensive, winter to lard body to protect the cold.
It can keep the cold out? I would like to try it next time....
Cave dwelling sounds like a rare....
It is not uncommon to be so cold....
Liaoji produces valuable medicinal herbs, including ginseng, wuwei, hosiery, orris and lingzhi.
Those medicinal herbs originally came from Liaodong....
It should be possible to make good use of....
These herbs that can be picked in the mountains....
In the old days, it was a frontier area, and it was common to see fortress and pier camps, and the Great Wall of Qin and Han were all started from Liaodong.
The old beacon, since the memory of everyone's heart....
Have time to visit some....
The mountain has a hot spring, not burning fuel gas since the rise, bathing soup can heal diseases, is the earth born flood furnace.
Very interesting, I will go to bathe some day!
Hot spring, is the location....
Soak in the hot spring, the local people often go to....
There is a different person can be the deer song, can call the group of deer and shoot, eat raw meat and drink wine.
Can anyone really learn the sound of a deer?
I have not seen one or two people who can attract deer....
I had heard that such Inhumans are relatively few....
If you take the wind of summer dance, you can see the phoenix soaring, the demons and spirits are far away, and the tigers and leopards are restrained.
Then.... where can I ride this wind?
Phoenix demons, perhaps they do exist....
Although long known, but I do not know where to ride the wind, should be a blackmail....
What I saw in Qinzhou
The food in this area includes beef and sheep, cheese, pastry, sugar, rock honey, and all kinds of cake flour.
Who wouldn't want to try the unique scenery?
I have tasted one or two of them, really good....
The western region produces grapes, pomegranates, sheep and horses, gold and silver, royal stones, white jade and fire pearls.
Some are very rare in the Middle Kingdom....
Seems to be fruit, jade unique....
The midday warmth and night cold, people dressed in felt brown, father and son profit calculations, although the wealth of a huge amount of money, serving crude food.
Is it not simple to dress and eat, as long as there is money can be arranged....
Wear is a specialty, but also adapt to the weather....
Felt brown is comfortable, not vulgar....
Sheep, horses and deer, more ornamental bell ring, tame and intimate with people, see outsiders not very frightened away.
Then you can get close to the deer....
This place people raise sheep and horses, indeed very powerful....
Deer come to live in harmony with people since....
Western wine and wine taste of each, the noble drink wine, sugar cane, common people drinking cork mash.
Grapes and wine, who does not want to....
The difference between people can also be seen in the wine....
It's always been like this....
Land has a salty lake, the color with green and black, taste and salty bitter, dragon fish mixed, do not dare to fish.
Salt hidden in a salty lake? Could it be that it is actually the sea....
Dragonfish in the lake, whether it hurts people....
Well, indeed afraid to go to the....
It is rumored that the book of a certain place is read horizontally, from left to right, and the characters look different from the Chinese.
If I read like this, I think there will be some discomfort....
With our reading habits are very different, is a different person....
I've seen some places that do....
There are monks, set up teaching at any time to adapt to the ground, between the stone wall to establish the image of Buddha, hidden cave to pray.
This Buddhist cave is so ingenious that it seems to be much visited....
Standing in the middle of the long yellow sand is what a spectacle....
Local Buddha statues are very common....
Western region more high mountains and deep valleys, wind and snow, there are mountain gods and ghosts, violent vertical demons.
It sounds a little dangerous, and you need to be more careful on the road....
The wind and snow of the mountain, but also let a person have some chest....
I know this rumor, but I have not seen the real ghosts and gods....
Dali's Insights
Many places in Yunnan have no cold or heat in winter or summer, and flowers and trees are incessant in all seasons.
So, it's spring in all seasons?
Winter will not need to wear winter clothes....
This has always been the case, long accustomed to....
The language of this place to wear clothes said clothes clothes, eat said pharyngeal jelly, felling wood said folded salary....
It's funny to talk like that....
Foreigners may also be able to understand....
Indeed so speaks....
Men draped in felt bun, women crisp their hair, around the head coiled system, dress unique.
This place hair and clothing are very special, its own beauty....
Indeed different from other places....
Commonly dressed like this, what is strange....
Teenagers can parade at night, blowing reed-pipe for songs, love through private couples, and then married.
Night walk to find a beautiful woman, I think the moon is very beautiful....
Love is the best way to tie the knot....
Men and women's love, it is at the heart....
Buddhist churches are very popular, and all families, rich or poor, have Buddhist halls.
Not a kingdom master as a monk? This....
This place is widely circulated by Buddhists....
The tribe is divided into six edicts: Meng Cuckoo, Yuezhi, Lang Dou, Gong Gai, Shi Lang, and Meng She.
All six tribes are barbarians, this place is really mixed with fish....
I heard that each ethnic group has different customs....
All local people belong to a certain tribe....
People die bathing corpses, hitting the brass drums to send mourning, to cut hair for filial piety, crying like a song and not mourning.
Sending off with a song.... is also good....
If you see people cutting their hair after that, you will know the truth....
Never so, it is a tribute to the dead....
There is a barbarian disease do not know how to doctor, but use the male witch chicken bone accounted for, the chief ranking is also the same.
When it really can cure the disease? You can try it in the future....
Ranking also according to divination, but is rare....
Some days it does....
Someone shot dead a long-tailed man, the natives said that this place occasionally see, after the old will turn into a tiger to return to the mountain.
Is it a man? Is it a tiger? Or a monkey?
Maybe the mountain weirdness....
This legend has been around for generations....
Souchun's experience
The bean curd has been introduced from Huainan, and there are even leaves in the mountains that make Guanyin tofu, which is delicious and strange.
I'm quite tempted to try the Kuan Yin tofu!
Tofu originally came from this place....
Well, I have eaten all....
Huainan tricks: flower drums, qinshu, inverted seven plays, some people begged for this when they were poor.
Beggars also know such tricks? It seems to be widely circulated....
I seem to have seen one or two that are featured....
Just some ordinary visible, and no wonder....
Wonderful scenery such as smoke and clouds in Linggu, wind and moon in Lushan, pine and cypress to welcome guests to the mountain as a victory.
Ethereal clouds, strange mountains, their own mood....
If you have the chance, you can go to see....
Although the mountains, pines and clouds are beautiful, I already find them unusual....
Huainan is famous for its Anhui ink, Xuan paper and Xuan ink stone, and is the hometown of ink, paper and ink stone.
All the four treasures of the literary house are collected here, this place is full of literature....
It's really the right time, the right place and the right people....
This place has a unique and rigorous garden, tile and powder wall horse head wall, landscape bonsai Lingbi stone.
Horse head wall and Lingbi stone are heard to be unique to this area....
Lingbi stone knocking into the music, different from other stones....
These are common sights in the region....
Huainan has always been rich in characters and articles, and there are many literary scholars in the city.
No wonder we once heard that some big names came from here....
Next time also go to the smoky....
It's not uncommon for local talent to emerge....
This place tea has Mao Feng, yellow buds, Liu An Gua Piece, rumors of a certain place yellow buds for a long time to serve immortality.
Then go pick yellow buds to drink....
All are some famous tea....
Well, indeed more tea, but become immortal one should be a rumor....
The peacock flies southeast, somewhere there were lovers until death, turned into mandarin ducks double fly away.
Sad but sad and chantable....
So it is also to get what you want....
I've heard people say that in the old days....
After Emperor Xuan Yuan set the Central Plains, he lived in the mountains, collected medicine and soup, and finally achieved ascension.
Xuan Yuan Huangdi soars to go is also should....
Different from the legend of the Yellow Emperor elsewhere....
This legend I always knew....
Hangzhou Insights
Jiangnan raise mulberry silkworms, the production of light silk, the old days had been shipped to the West by the Silk Road.
Silk is gorgeous, everyone wants to have it, and I'm sure it's affluent....
Everywhere mulberry silkworms, everywhere loom, so there is silk....
Jiangnan silk has always been world famous....
Four seasons to sell strange tea and soup, not only Longjing, winter seven treasure ring tea, summer snow bubble plum blossom.
Cooking tea and snow, there is leisure and wildness in all four seasons....
Who wouldn't want to drink a....
Locals love tea in all seasons....
There is a river tide, every year in August, the tide anger than usual, the people compete to watch.
River tide shock, more tide people, together with the glory....
The angry tide in the face, but people are not afraid....
Year after year, it is no longer interesting to watch the tide....
The Jiangnan Garden is a place of lakes and mountains, with strange pines, pavilions and pavilions for people to visit at all times.
Jiangnan garden caught the world unique, because of the borrowed landscape, is the joy of people....
Should have to spend a lot of money to become....
This is natural, the landscape of Jiangnan is good....
On festive days, there are flirtatious teenagers along the way to persuade wine and send snacks, and visitors can taste everywhere.
If I meet, I also want to ask for wine and snacks....
If the teenager is not young, perhaps for people to laugh?
I've seen this too....
The people have the custom of digging jade, and occasionally see ancient biscuits, rings, swords, bracelets, ornaments, etc.
This underground, perhaps there is some ancient ruins....
Jade bi and jade ring can be associated with the old time style....
There are rich and powerful to build a collapsed room, specializing in false leases with the store mat residence, travelers to send hidden goods.
Both convenient and profitable, when really very good....
It is convenient for those who come and go....
Convenience for others and self-interest, and nothing strange....
Proverb: the good descend a hundred good, the gods of heaven; the evil descend a thousand disasters, ghosts and gods of disaster.
Jiangnan has such a heavenly way....
Calling people to good, calling them to avoid evil....
Always heard people say so....
There is a strange technique to use the windlass to winch the water on the high side of the lamp shed, put down time by time, the waterfall flying light.
Waterfall in the firelight, what a spectacle it should be....
The person who made this is also a great....
This is a beautiful scene, I have also seen....
What to see and hear in Yangzhou
Huaiyang good food, there are dumplings, spring cakes, slightly wheat, boneless fish, bone Dong soup.
Huaiyang food is really great! I would go to eat....
Then try to find some taste....
Jianghuai soil is fertile and windy, history has "Yang a benefit two" is called, the rise and fall of the end is not critical.
Throughout the ages, the rise and fall has been lamentable....
Nowadays, the old scenery is missing....
The rise and fall of change, as it has always been....
When it is slightly cold people love the bath, near the furnace water heat, next to the locker of storage clothes, warm room.
The people of this place are indeed very enjoyable....
Have a chance to try....
Ordinary people love to go to the bath....
The north of the river is the landing place of the south boat and the north horse and the she-boat, and both the plain and the rainbow bridge are seen.
When people come and go through, you can see the culture of the four directions....
A place of water becomes a culture....
Hustle and bustle, it's all common....
In the old days, the painting boats gathered, the singing boats went against the traffic, singing and dialogues, and people and singers got along.
If you sit in the painting boat and listen to the song boat, it may be very comfortable....
Singer with love, everyone and joy....
I have also experienced this scenario....
The earth's copper ruler, Jubilee embroidery error, for the world's measurement, when people test the system has fifteen kinds.
Decorated with a copper ruler, perhaps also very unique....
So that the world will have the same scale....
At the Jianghuai money transfer office, a group of thieves tried to become sworn brothers, and they had plenty of food and clothing during the robbery.
This thief is said to be abominable, but there is chivalry....
It's all about the money....
Where is there no thief? There is no surprise....
Occasionally, on moonlit nights, the shadow of the vine on the wall turns into the shape of an old man swimming in the street, digging its ground can get the elixir.
The old man with a white head is walking in style, perhaps also want to visit....
Elixir? Then go find it....
In the old days, I also heard people say that....
If someone dreams of twelve inkstones in his arms at night, then the sky will be a strange gas, this place will be born grand talent.
What is the meaning of the twelve inkstones?
Can I dream of twelve inkstones at night?
I know this rumor, a dream, I do not know if it is true....
Shaolin School's Insights
Shaolin Temple is located in the dense jungle of Shaomuro Mountain, hence the name.
So it is.... that Shaomuro Mountain must be picturesque....
I see...
Indeed...
Shaolin Temple back mountain planting vegetables, there are cabbage, pumpkins, sweet potatoes and other things.
These vegetables sound very delicious, \n if there is an opportunity, but can try Shaolin vegetarian ......
Shaolin disciples originally did not emphasize the desire for food and drink ......
All are some common vegetables....
Shaolin disciples to participate in meditation and enlightenment, called the Zen Garden. The land is covered with pear trees.
Sounds like a quiet place indeed.... no wonder non can participate in meditation and enlightenment....
It is also a good place to practice....
In fact, with Buddha in your heart, everywhere is a Zen garden....
At the foot of Mt. Songshan, it is the tomb of Shaolin monks, tombstones scattered like a forest, called the tower forest.
What is the difference between the tomb of a monk and the tomb of a monk? If I have the chance, I should take a look at it...
Oh.... pour don't know how many tombs....
It is indeed the tomb of a Shaolin monk....
Shaolin Temple has four wells, whose water tastes different, with bitter, spicy, sour, sweet taste.
How can well water taste? Indeed unheard of....
Maybe give it a try....
Maybe it's just a taste in the heart....
Shaolin thirteen monks to help the Tang meritorious, by the Tang Emperor Taizong reward, so there are monk soldiers of the name.
Shaolin's righteousness and brightness turns out to be ancient....
So there is such a reason....
It has been a long time....
According to legend, Shen Guang sought for the law and broke his arm in the snow, finally moved Dharma, and got the true law.
Lixue broke his arm.... has such determination, is indeed different from mortals....
Rather different from the norm....
Nature is admired by our generation....
Shaolin Temple, there is a Dharma eyelids made of tea tree, drink it will be clear.
Is it really that amazing? Then I must try....
If you have the opportunity, naturally, to taste some....
It does work like that....
According to legend, there is a stone cave in Shaolin Temple, which is the place where the ancestor of Dharma faced the wall for nine years.
Nine years.... this how to persist, Dharma ancestors are really not ordinary people ah....
If it's me.... maybe can't stick....
That's it....
Emei School's Insights
The Golden Peak is located on Mount Emei, and when the sun sets in the west, it is illuminated by the light of Buddha.
Such a view.... Kyushu perhaps only Emei can see it....
I don't know what it looks like....
So the party gets the name of the golden roof....
The Thousand Buddha Institute stands in Emei, with a thousand statues of Buddha enshrined in its halls and Buddha murals winding for thousands of meters.
There are so many Buddha statues.... that I have never heard of elsewhere....
So much for....
It is indeed as you say....
Emei has a large bell, one person high, 25,000 pounds, the sound can be transmitted to a thousand miles.
Then I really need to listen carefully.... whether I can hear the bell of Emei....
I wonder if I ever heard of....
Its sound is so vast that it may carry a thousand miles....
Legend has it that a monk planted wood in Emei, planting a tree, chanting a word of scripture, now extending for two miles.
Surprisingly, there is still such a story.... not only makes people's hearts yearn for....
I wonder which monk.... has such perseverance....
Well.... can also be seen today....
A cave in the Emei Mountain, rock water seepage drip into the spring, its water take inexhaustible, not to take not full.
What is the reason for this? I wonder if it is connected to the heavenly pool in the sky....
There is a Taihu stone in Emei. Decocting soup with this stone can cure pain of heart qi.
I have not heard of other Taihu Lake stone has this effect, \n Emei is really the land of the spirits....
Emei Zhongling Yuxiu, Taihu Rock also has a wonderful....
This stone is naturally different from other Taihu stones....
Emei Golden Peak Sheshe cliff, the lower abyss, man-made ascension, so sheshe offered the cliff.
If this is a rumor, how can everyone rush to.... Maybe it's true....
This cliff should be sealed....
Indeed, it is really forbidden....
There is a pond in Emei, rumor has it that there is a white dragon living there, and when it is sunny, the white dragon may come out of the pond to sunbathe.
So.... I can have to guard at the pool, to see if there really is a white dragon....
Emei is really the residence of the immortals....
This rumor I have also heard, but I have never seen....
According to legend, Qu Junwu entered Emei and became an immortal, often traveling to and from Emei by white dragon.
To become immortal.... there are really people in the world have this opportunity....
Unfortunately, there is no chance to see....
Emei does have this person....
Hundred Flowers Valley
Hundred Flowers Valley entrance, two stone sandwich bank, there is a small slit, one person can walk sideways.
No wonder non-people call the Hundred Flowers Valley a paradise....\n so hidden, it is difficult to find....
I do not know who discovered this paradise....
Good, that's it....
Hundred flowers valley to build a dry fence nesting, hidden in the grass and trees to build a fortress, see the grass and trees from afar without house.
With the grass and trees, so it is amazing....
It may be very comfortable to live....
So that.... will not destroy the mountains....
Hundred Flowers Valley has a deep spring, on which a wooden building is built, the building does not sink, as if floating on water.
Such a view is rarely found in the world!
If you have the opportunity to see some....
There are Bo and Black, one with white skin and the other with bone pins in the Hundred Flowers Valley.
I hear you say that there are foreigners in the valley! It's really rare....
They are really different from the Han Chinese. I wonder how their medical skills are?
There are indeed this Bo people and Black, what is so strange about it?
On the third day of March, the disciples of Hundred Flowers Valley will decorate the deer with a hundred flowers, which is called sending the god of flowers.
With a hundred flowers decorated with deer.... but is very interesting....
I wonder if the deer will behave....
The god of flowers has left, naturally, to send....
There is a deer washing spring in the valley of Hundred Flowers, whose water is clear, cool in summer and warm in winter.
How can there be such a spring in the world? Neither a soup spring nor a spring....
It's amazing....
Maybe it's the location.... so summer is cool and winter is warm....
There is a monument in the valley of Hundred Flowers Valley, the book see the deer platform, is Sun Simiao medicine to see the white deer.
Heard that the white deer is the world's auspicious, Sun Simiao actually saw....
I don't know if I can see the white deer....
Indeed....
According to legend, after the death of the deer, the disciples of Hundred Flowers Valley buried the deer with orchids and blew the burial deer orchid.
The original is actually elegy, no wonder it is not so mournful....
The original is an elegy....
Well.... that's it....
According to legend, the seventy holes in the Valley of the Hundred Flowers, for the residence of the White Deer. Throwing flowers in the third hole, there are deer singing.
Is the third hole, is the white deer in the place....
Maybe just an unusual deer....
There are indeed rumors of this in the valley....
Wudang School's Insights
The bamboo forest under Wudang Mountain is vast and evergreen in all seasons, and there are often Wudang disciples playing the piano here.
Secluded bamboo forest, leisurely piano sound.... really complement each other....
I don't know what the scene is....
Well.... bamboo forest in the middle of indeed Wudang disciples play the piano practice sword....
The Hall of True Martial Arts stands on the Tianzhu Peak and houses the statue of the Great Martial Arts Emperor, whose incense never fails.
If the incense is not decaying, naturally very spiritual is!
Such a splendid view, or you can go to Wudang a view....
I know this naturally....
Since the Qin Dynasty, there have been many sages living in seclusion in the back mountains of Wudang, and it is heard that there are those who have attained the Way.
Is it possible that there is something miraculous in the back of Wudang? Otherwise how can there be more sages living in seclusion....
Wudang back mountain maybe secluded and quiet....
There is indeed a rumor of this in the door, not a secret matter....
Wudang Mountain planted in the plum. According to legend, Zhen Wu's monasticism became a success, and the plum was inserted into the bunny tree and the flowers were born.
If not sincerely felt.... and how can the flowers be born....
The truth is that sincerity of heart is the spirit....
Zhen Wu Da Di gets the way, the natural birth of flowers....
Tianzhu Peak resides among the seventy-two peaks of Wudang, and the spirit birds and birds of prey wander around.
Could it be that Wudang is really the residence of the immortals? Otherwise, how could it attract the spiritual birds and birds of prey....
Tianzhu Peak is really an immortal peak....
Birds wandering just.... is not a strange thing....
Wudang South Rock, chiseled stone for the dragon's head, placed in front of the incense burner, sincere heart will arrive.
Both in the abyss, if a slip of the foot.... is really frightening....
Just if you're not careful, you're going to die....
Often people lose their footing.... lose their lives....
From a rock cave in Wudang Mountain, from the top through the rope and down, then see the rocks as a flame.
What is the reason for this? I wonder if there is a burning sensation when touched....
Oh.... so amazing....
Mountain rocks are born like this, there is nothing strange about them ......
Wudang secret realm, stone for gold and silver, because there are few human trails, so the spirit can be enumerated to live.
I wonder what kind of spiritual things? \nWhatever the spiritual object is, it must also be not available on earth....
Perhaps there are many treasures that cannot be seen....
Well, it's true....
Wudang Mountain East, the stone path is straight, visitors to this, all considerations are clear, so called the fairy pass.
I have a thousand worries.... I do not know if the immortal pass can be opened to solve....
Is this really the case....
The wind to the top, natural all considerations open....
Yuanshan Sect's Insights
The Dawon Mountain is very dangerous and difficult to climb, but it is slightly higher than the Xiaowon Mountain.
If the mountain is so dangerous and difficult to climb, why do you refuse to leave....
Is it difficult to climb? Then how do the Yuanshan disciples travel to and from....
Climbing day by day, it will not be difficult to climb....
Xiao Yuan Mountain has a lot of rocks and it is difficult to get around, and it is slightly shorter than Da Yuan Mountain.
Since the gravel is in the way and it's hard to get around, why won't you leave....
Yuanshan disciples are really tough....
Since when toil the muscles and bones, forging the body....
There is a stone house on the big and small Yuanshan Mountain, where it is hot in summer and cold in winter, which is the residence of Yuanshan disciples.
If I were allowed to live, I would naturally not want to....
I have never heard of such a residence....
Residing in it, you can exercise your will....
The size of the summit of Mount Yuan each have a stone in the division, one called the test sword stone, one called the test knife stone.
Their swords are so sharp? Can actually cut the stone....
It is really a divine weapon....
This is not the work of a knife and a sword....
On Xiaoyuan Mountain, the stone Buddha is carved out of stubborn stone; on Danyuan Mountain, the mud road is set up and made of mud.
That stubborn stone inside or jade.... pissing mud inside or gold and silver....
Both sincere.... what tube stone mud....
The stone Buddha is also the Buddha, and the mud road is also the road....
There is a monument on Mt. Sasamoto containing the names of the division chiefs who died resisting Sagangshu.
Tell me about the characters....
We should go and pay our respects since....
We should spare no effort to cut off XiangShu....
There are often small birds on Xiaoyuan Mountain, flying to stop the head of the house song, people translate its language, said Buddha present Buddha present.
What kind of little bird is that little bird? Is it hard to be the messenger of Buddha....
I wonder who can know the language of birds....
I have heard this rumor....
At the east of the seam between the big and small Yuanshan, there is a stone ladder from the clouds down, commonly known as the lower boundary stone.
Is this stone connected to the Heavenly Palace?
Both can go down to the world, naturally can also go up to the world....
There is indeed this scene.... but no gods....
Da yuan mountain set stone, shaped like a palm, called test heart stone, where the heart is not pure, when standing unstable.
What is the reason for this? Could this stone really be able to see through....
If I.... and can stand....
There is indeed this stone in the mountain to test the hearts of people....
Lion-Face Clan's Insights
The lion phase door beam three or four feet in diameter, black color like iron, boulders and the collision can not be damaged.
Where did this wood come from, it's so strong!
This wood is really strong....
Well, it is the wood produced in Guangzhou....
The Hall of the Sleeping Lion has a statue of a golden lion, which is a majestic statue. The disciples all practice gongfu facing the lion statue.
It sounds very interesting.... Is there any reason for this?
Just practicing in the face of a lion statue.... is not uncommon....
The three halls of the lion-phase gate are built around the schoolyard. The school yard raises the lion streamers, the gatekeepers fight viciously shouting.
Sounds very impressive! It would be nice to be there in person!
If you have a chance, you may be able to see for yourself at the Lion's Gate....
Fighting than hard is so.... what is rare....
The Hall of the Golden Lion covers a vast area with carved beams, where many people from all over the world come to pay homage to the master.
People from all over the world come together.... is a rare sight....
Lion phase door reputation.... have heard of....
Well, it is as you said....
The lion's-eye gatekeepers catch the rich said sinker, buy sinker to be redeemed, is said to pick incense.
Robbery there are so many said.... is really eye-opening....
So there is such a saying....
Well.... seems so....
A red-haired ship arrives at the lion's-eye gate and presents a white boy with a face and hands and feet like jade snow.
There are people in the world who are as white as snow.... Could it be a demon?
And I have never seen....
That is exotic foreigners....
There are silver star stone and gold star stone in Lotus Mountain, which can be crushed into powder and taken with water for peace of mind.
It has such an effect.... If there is an opportunity, I must try....
Is that really true? Maybe give it a try....
The door people come to take this stone since, is not uncommon....
Every night, the lion phase door has a lion and tiger for the patrol corridor. They often eat the living.
This.... lion phase door can actually make the lion and tiger for their own use....
Be careful then....
The lions and tigers kept in the door is not a secret....
The Hall of the Mad Lion stands in the middle of the three halls, in which the golden-haired lion is kept as a tribute from the West.
The lion phase door power actually reached so.... no wonder non-everyone knows the lion phase door....
I wonder what the golden lion looks like....
Golden male lion noble, ordinary people difficult to see....
Ranshan Sect Insights
There is a Taoist temple at the top of Mount Ran, where immortal masters often watch the stars and look at the moon in order to seek proof of the Tao.
Taoist temple Lin Tian or immortal palace, watching the stars and the moon or the gods....
Watching the stars and looking at the moon.... may really be able to penetrate the heavenly truth....
The stars and moon change, there is a reason for it....
Between the cliffs of Rang Mountain, there are many Poria and Huangjing growing.
There are so many precious herbs like that in Mount Ran!
These are precious medicinal herbs....
It is because of the location....
However, the mountain Qinglang cliff is dangerous and there is no way, non-immortals can not reach. There is a Qinglang Pavilion built on the cliff.
Since mortals can not reach, how is the Qinglang Pavilion built,\n is there really immortals....
Maybe Qing Lang Pavilion is really built by immortals....
It is indeed a dangerous....
The disciples of the mountain may not eat grains, eat white atractylodes and drink water.
Not eating grains! How is this possible? Will it not die?....
How can this be tolerated....
I also know this method....
However, there is a plum forest planted in front of the mountain gate, and the plum blossoms never fall in all seasons, so people can't recognize eight directions when they enter it.
Unheard of.... Is this the rumored art of Qi Men Dun Jia....
It's really amazing....
It is indeed a maze set up by Razan....
However, the west cave of the mountain for the Dragon residence, hear the sound of people, there is a storm, so there is no road to the west.
Just listen to the human voice, you can call the wind and rain, what a miracle!
This is the reason....
This rumor I have heard, not a secret....
Rumor has it that there is an immortal stone on Mount Ran, and if a mortal asks for something, he can get what he wants.
How is this possible.... Mo Fei Ran Mountain is really the mountain of the gods?
I wonder which gods this is asking....
Ransan, Ransan, there are questions and answers, is thought "Rans"....
However, there is a cliff in the east of the mountain, infested with gods and goddesses, or clothed in straw raincoats, or strange appearance.
Rang Mountain is really an immortal mountain, otherwise how can there be so many gods....
And I have never seen a god....
This rumor I have also heard.... just have not seen....
Legend has it that Ghost Valley first lived more than 100 years, the descendants do not know where to go, in fact, hidden in the Rang Mountain.
Is there really a secret art of becoming immortal in the world.... for Mr. Guigu to know....
If that's true, it's not unusual....
Don't believe all the rumors....
Xuannyu Sect Insights
Xuan Nui Peak years of cold ice, still flying snow in the summer, there is little heat, very cool.
There is such a place to go in the world.... I did not know before....
Maybe head for the summer....
Well, it's true what you said....
Legend has it that a celestial maiden descended on the peak, so the people of the time called this peak the Jade Maiden Peak.
I don't know which heavenly woman.... is Yaoji.... or Xiwangmu....
It is indeed for this reason....
Xuanwu Peak in the green stone winding into steps, people step on the stone steps sound like jade broken, called jade steps.
When the pearl falls to the ground, the sound must be very pleasant....
No wonder it's not a fairy dwelling place....
The stone is hollow, and there is standing water, so it is not uncommon....
The Xuan Nui Peak is inhabited by a bird, and when a person applauds, a bird sings first, and the group of birds is in harmony.
That's an interesting thing, that bird might be a fairy bird....
So amazing, if you have the opportunity, or you can try....
This bird has such a habit....
Xuanwu Peak in the snow water flowing through, its light like a guide, can shine people's eyebrows, beautiful as immortals.
Is it clearer than a bronze mirror? This water or celestial water....
So.... do not know who the person in the water is....
The Heavenly Sound Pavilion is backed by the Jade Maiden Peak, and the sound of the zither is heard in the pavilion, never stopping.
What is the reason for this? Is the pavilion really the heavenly palace immortal music....
It is so divine....
There is a reason for this....
A stone cave in Xuanmu Peak, where water drips into a spring, is known as Yaochi water, and a thousand people can drink it every day.
It is surprising that there are so many springs.... Maybe it is really the Yaochi of the Western Queen Mother....
Since it is a yaoi pond, it is not unusual....
If a thousand people drink a thousand days.... will dry up....
According to legend, the Heavenly Maiden changed the heavenly ladder when she ascended to the sky. The cold water on Xuan Nui Peak then descends from the heavenly staircase.
If not for the fairy palace.... and how can there be such a spectacle....
If you have the opportunity, I will go to see....
Indeed so the word goes....
There was once a lady who lived in Xuan Nui Peak, and she played the piano, which was heard for miles, and the birds wandered around.
The sound of the piano can come because of a hundred birds, must be immortal music no doubt.... Unfortunately, I have no chance....
Unfortunately, there is no chance to hear....
This legend has been around since ancient times....
Sword Manor Insights
The back mountain of Casting Sword Villa, with its secluded trees, abundant mineral deposits and fresh spring water.
No wonder the weapons cast by the non-Cast Sword Villa are incomparably sharp!
Oh.... today I just realized....
A monument was erected at Zhanlu Mountain in Tang Dynasty to record Zhanlu, which was later broken by wind and rain, so it was named Broken Monument.
It is a pity that the.... notes on it will disappear, perhaps containing some strange news....
Unfortunately.... unfortunately....
I also know where Zhan Lu comes from....
Casting Sword Villa Manor consists of inner and outer ring buildings, combined with thousands of houses and houses to accommodate 10,000 people.
The courtyard is so.... will not be able to compare with the palace....
It is so vast....
The number of people in the farm is large, and the building of the farm is naturally vast....
Zhanlu Mountain in the water stream across the pine, every water flow through, it will hear the water like a piano.
It's fun to play the piano and play the cassette even when the water is flowing!
I'm sure the sound of the lyre is very pleasing to the ear....
Its sound is really pleasant....
The casting workshop has a thousand furnaces, and the furnace fires are kept going day and night, and the sound of iron is heard all year round.
I heard that all the weapons in the world come from the Sword Casting Villa, now I hear what you say, it is really true....
No wonder non can produce a thousand pieces of weapons daily....
This is true....
Rumor has it that when an old man enters Mount Zhanlu, he breaks a branch on the edge of a rock to relieve his back and leg pain.
I have never heard of this statement, but I can give it a try!
I don't know what the reason is....
I have also heard this rumor....
Casting Sword Villa has a test sword stage, the top of the stone, the sword and spear under it as high as a mountain.
No wonder the Sword Casting Villa produces divine weapons! As it should be!
It's a pity....
But the sword inspection platform, not out of the Casting Sword Villa....
Sword casting Villa has a piece of sword examination stone, is Zhan Lu treasure sword chopped, Ou Yezi left.
The Zhan Lu sword is truly extraordinary! There are few divine weapons in the world that can beat it!
Zhanlu Excalibur is really sharp....
The divine sword forged by Ancestor Ouye, naturally so....
Sword Casting Villa placed Ou Yezi immortal pillow, sword maker more incense burning in this, in order to protect the blessing.
The world really has a fairy pillow! I thought it was just a rumor....
Since it is the object of Ouyezi, there must be a divine place....
Well, there is indeed a fairy pillow in Casting Sword Villa....
Kongsang Sect Insights
The wood produced in the empty mulberry mountain is as hard as iron and has a sound when bumped, so people often use it to make zither and sass.
The lute made from such wood must be different from the usual instruments....
The real is a strange wood....
There is much of this wood in the mountains, it is not precious....
Looking east between the mountains of Khongsang, there are snow-capped mountains, which are visible when it is clear, and the accumulated hills are like silver.
That will not be full of silver flakes.... is certainly a spectacle....
Snowy mountains are not uncommon....
Oh, I have often seen....
The mound in the mountain is as high as half a man, and the hollow between them is called the earth house.
I have never seen such a residence, it is really different from the Middle Kingdom....
I don't know how to live here....
Kongsang disciples have traditionally lived in earthen houses, not uncommon....
Six hundred acres in the western part of the empty mulberry mountain for the medicine garden, planting ganoderma, snow ginseng, snow lotus.
Empty mulberry medicine garden planted, actually are the world's miraculous herbs strange poison!
Such a medicine garden is really precious....
There are also many broken hearts....
The empty mulberry mountain set purple cui Dan room is incomparable, often is green smoke and purple mist, Dan stove condensing clouds.
I have heard of the empty mulberry immortality medicine, but now I hear that the more people are eager to....
It is a strange sight....
It is the disciples in the discipline of the alchemy of the reason....
There are different grasses and trees in the hollow mountain, colorful and mixed, as tall as cattle, few people can recognize them.
Kongsang is blessed with many oddballs....
All are exotic flowers....
Well.... this place is naturally different from other places....
There is an underground cave in the empty mulberry, and it is vaguely flooded with light, which is said to be the residence of the White Snake.
I've only seen red snakes, black snakes.... have never seen a white snake, \n does the world really have....
I wonder what the white snake looks like again....
This is indeed rumored in the door....
If there is a strong desire to go up the mountain, Kongsang Mountain will be foggy clouds across, fierce beasts crouched beside the road.
This.... listen to your words, I can not dare to strong up the mountain to go....
Oh.... that naturally do not dare to force up the mountain....
So that.... will be less people chatter....
The three peaks of the empty mulberry secret area are surrounded by the four seasons like spring, and the flowers and trees do not wither while the bees and butterflies are dazzling.
I heard that Liaodong is very cold, but there is still such a place, it is really miraculous....
There are still such places in Liaodong....
Indeed it is such a sight....
Vajrayana Insights
In the Hall of Vajra, there is an octagonal pillar with the statue of Vajra, and the plaques on both sides are written with secret texts.
really magnificent, \n just listen to what you say, this temple but different from the Buddhist sect proper....
Buddha's temple are so....
The back garden of the Infinite Vajra Sect keeps herds of elephants, so water is diverted into rivers, and the bastions of melons and fruits are like mountains.
I heard that the elephant was more than three people high and weighed a hundred! Is that really true?
Elephants can often be seen in the West....
The elephant is a holy thing....
Vajrapani has a Buddha's tooth, more than an inch long, yellow and white light pure, for the monks to furnish the hall.
This.... such a treasure, there really exists....
Rather a rare treasure....
The main hall furnished with Buddha's teeth, I naturally see....
The Vajrapani sect erected 999 golden pillars to face the four directions, in which the statue of Vajradhara was enshrined.
Nine hundred and ninety-nine golden pillars.... such a huge project, it is rare....
So.... is also extravagant....
What is said is indeed true....
In front of the vajra hall, open a hundred miles, set up a high platform called the hall of blessing, on the merit box.
I heard that the Infinite Vajra Sect forced the people to make offerings.... Could it be true....
This.... original enrichment is this meaning....
The people of the West all come here to make offerings ......
The Infinite Vajrayana sect believes in dual practice and that when a man and a woman are in harmony, they will achieve enlightenment.
This.... such obscene words.... or do not say....
What is the reason for this......
It's Nature....
When the senior monks of the Infinite Vajra Sect pass away, their flesh will turn into a heavenly rainbow and fly away.
I don't know where to fly to? Could it be the Western land of bliss....
I didn't have the chance to see....
This is the image of the death of a senior monk, I have also seen....
When the water of the four seas is filled with the four precious bottles and poured on the emperor's roof, it will make the country prosperous.
This statement is unheard of to me.... Is this really the case?
Since this is the case.... how to be born in a chaotic world....
If a person without an initiation practices the Infinite Vajra Sect, and observes its texts, he will go to hell.
It is so sinister.... If you enter the Vajra Sect, you have to be careful....
There is such a statement....
As it should be....
Five Immortals Cult Insights
The Five Immortals Church built a mountain fortress, from the foot of the mountain up the trend, a thousand families connected, water over the door.
From what you say, it is a very peaceful place....
Not the same as Midland Architecture....
It is indeed my Miaozhai....
The Five Immortals Cult is also a fishing, hunting and farming people, the Church whistle, the crowd gathered.
Do they farm, fish and hunt too? It's not what I thought....
So.... is nothing special either....
Indeed as you said....
The Five Immortals worship nature, and insect and animal totems can be found everywhere on their mountains and rocks.
It's scary to have insects as a totem!
Indeed appalling....
What is so appalling about insects.... I often serve them....
The Five Immortals Church is based on the valley, which is humid and infested with poisonous snakes, people have no access.
There is something so horrible in the world!
It is better to set foot less in the Five Immortals....
We have our own defense....
Five Immortals Church congregation often put the Gu at the bottom of the bowl, a person holding the bowl, then will be compelled.
This.... is so vicious.... fortunately you told to me....
This method is also poisonous....
This method does circulate in the Church....
Five immortal religion famous black seedlings, mostly good at poisonous Gu, but the life expectancy is not long, the population is thin.
Listen to what you say.... will know its insidious and horrible place.... future natural careful....
What you gain must be lost....
Five Immortals Church after the valley there is a spring, the color of the spring often changes, which has a very poisonous.
Five Immortals Church poisonous coiled, poisonous water flowing, really weird....
The Five Immortals are everywhere there is a strong poison....
Gu cave is the five immortal religion hatching insect Gu place, the cave poisonous insects are rampant, five poisons with.
The parasite is quite harmful, if there is an opportunity, perhaps you can explore the truth....
The parasite is actually hatched out....
The Gu cave is a holy place....
Where the practice of Gu is refined, hush to the air, look at the eyes, are able to transmit its poison to people.
How is this good! I wonder what precautions can be taken....
It is indeed difficult to prevent....
There is indeed such a person in the Church....
Jieqing Gate Insights
The east side of the boundary green cliff is made of stone in the shape of open teeth, and there are wells and mortars still exist, which used to be a refuge for bandits and thieves.
In this way.... but there is a similarity with the peach blossom source....
Bandits and thieves.... killers.... are also considered similar....
This is an old story....
Boundary green cliff does not produce grass, rainwater accumulates in the stone, the disciples will go to the stone to get water.
Water in the sky, spring in the stone, I wonder what the difference is....
It's no different from ordinary spring water....
Boundary green cliff cliff on the sharp rocks, many strange shape, often people die because of this.
The stone can actually kill, no wonder it is not the place where the boundary green door is located....
If you are not careful, you will lose your life since....
The cave of the Green Cliff of the boundary, everywhere is unobstructed, once people enter it, there is no trace.
So that's it! Is it often missing its trace....
It turns out it's the cave that's to blame....
Boundary green cliff east, sharp stones protruding order into a ladder, straight and up, people called forget life.
So difficult.... apes, birds of prey fear can not walk unharmed....
If you take this ladder, you should be careful....
People walk on it, life and death in a flash....
The monument at the top of the Boundary Green Cliff: How high is the standing place? The stars are below. People call it a stargazing cliff.
The stars are even under the feet.... boundary Qingmen has been in the Palace of Heaven....
It is so high....
Stand on it, the stars are under your feet....
Stargazing cliff under the mountain rocks into caves, cave lights shaking, is a ghost in the light.
The ghosts use the cave as a home, also know how to light a lamp? That's an interesting story....
Maybe it's the light of a firefly....
There is a strange beast in the abyss under the Green Cliff, which feeds on human corpses and can often be heard chewing bones.
What you say is so horrible... I don't know what kind of beast that is...
That's horrible...
There may be fierce animals under the cliff...
The name of the immortal hand, in the bottom of the lifeless abyss, people can not reach, climb it can get immortal should.
I wonder if there is really someone to immortal hands ...... whether there is really an immortal should be the ......
I don't know who can get to it ......
It's just a rumor ......
Fulong Altar Insights
Chiming Island has a mountain isolated, its sometimes spitting clouds and fog, the sea and sky will be red one color.
I heard that the real dragon is coiled on Chi Ming Island, could it be this reason ......
No wonder it's not called Akira ......
This is often the case in the island ......
The stone pillars on Chiming Island are lined up, towering into the clouds, with more gray and black colors, which burn the skin when touched.
There is such a thing ...... I can write it down ......
Well ...... since it is written down ......
Next to the volcano, the mountain rocks are already burning hot ......
Red Ming Island in the spring boiling, its smell pungent, things thrown between them, a short time is cooked.
There is such a hot spring ...... really rare ......
I wonder how it tastes ......
It is the reason for the volcano baking ......
Chiming Island fortification of earthen houses, to gullies separating people from households, molten lava around the city as if the flow of fire does not go out.
Molten lava around the city ...... flowing fire does not go out ...... do not know what the scene is ......
It is indeed a spectacle ......
Volcano altar has always been so, but not how unusual ......
Chiming Island molten lava sinks in the pool, flowing and tossing, never solidified, people called the fire pool.
I've seen mountain springs and rivers ice ponds ...... to never heard of fire ponds ......
I wonder how it differs from Tang Spring ......
The molten slurry does not coagulate because of the high temperature ......
At the crater of Chiming Island, there is an earth pattern like a golden dragon, which is said to be a miracle.
There is a dragon pattern on the ground, perhaps it is really a miracle!
So miraculous ...... may be a miracle ......
Self is a miracle ......
The Golden Dragon Hall stands at the mouth of the volcano, and the hall is only filled with golden dragons, which are wiped by servants from time to time.
Why is this? And what is the meaning of the golden dragon ......
Voluntan has such wealth ......
To the festival, the volcano owner will throw the golden dragon into the volcano for the protection of the real dragon.
Is there really a real dragon in the world? Otherwise, why is the Dragon Altar so ......
The true dragon ancestor will have to return is ......
There is a booming sound under the ground of Chiming Island, as if a dragon roar, and an earthquake, which is a dragon turning over.
Is there really a dragon in the world? \n that must be very huge, otherwise how can carry millions of people ......
It takes courage to live on top of a dragon ......
Naturally I have heard about it ......
Blood Cult Insights
The blood horn religion is remote forest deep, into the valley up among the climb, often encounter flying leeches, sand lice things.
Never seen such a cold and scary place ......
Really remote and cold ......
But ordinary insects and animals ......
Blood Hollow Valley fog up crimson. Its red fog contains highly toxic, human and animal touch and die.
There are still such poisonous things in the world, it is difficult to prevent ......
This place ...... pour very suitable for the Bloodhound Cult ......
The Bloodhound Cult has its own defense method ......
Into the Bloodhound Valley narrow, as if a line, holding a torch line, bats will swoop torch out.
Where the Blood Hollow Cult is really ...... different from the normal ......
Oh ...... and I took note of ......
What's strange about bats getting up when they see light ......
Blood hawk temple mountain rocky, temple head blood hawk spitting fire eater, the most eerie and spooky.
Even to hear you say it, but also feel the horror of the extreme ......
I don't want to set foot ......
Nature is magnificent and majestic ......
The Bloodhound Cult places iron bars to hold people and animals, where it is common for people and animals to compete for food and bite and fight.
The Bloodhound Cult is so cruel! They are the scum of the earth!
I have never seen such a sight ......
Corral ...... Corral ...... There is no difference between human and animal originally ......
Blood Hollow Valley has a stone hole for the spring, occasionally blood water through the stone like a line, it is fishy.
What is the reason for this? The Bloodhound Cult is so insidious ......
It's so weird ......
Blood and water are common in the Church, so why be surprised ......
There are often crows hovering over the Bloodhound Church, or speak human language, which is rumored to be the cause of cannibalism.
This? Bloodhound Cult is so horrible ......
It is so horrible ......
Crows are supposed to peck at carrion for a living ......
The blood pool is the forbidden place of the blood hood religion, it is said that people into it, then see the phase pivot.
What is the mystery in that blood pool ...... Blood Hind Cult is unusual everywhere ......
What's good to see in a pivot ......
Unfortunately, I did not see the Aizhu ......
Blood horn valley colored red, such as horses and scales, the mouth of the fire, burning valleys and forests.
What is this thing? Is there actually a divine beast protecting in Bloodhound Valley ......
Maybe it's some kind of divine beast ......
Blood Hind Cult has long been rumored that this is Blood Hind ......
Tone of Sound
Listening to Cai's five lounges, you can see spring, watch the water, miss the ghosts, give birth to sorrow and think about autumn.
Is this really the case? It's really bizarre ......
I have another opinion ......
Music affects the five senses, is the most usual ......
Music can influence people's hearts; the sound of treachery makes people evil, and the sound of righteousness makes people good.
In this way ...... I should listen to ...... whether it can make good people become evil and evil people become good ......
As I see it ...... there may be another way ......
This matter has been decided, why say more ......
The anger is so great that it drowns the ghosts and gods, and the hatred rolls away from heaven and earth, and Wen Qu is like being in it.
Although you and I are not people in the song, but also born in the song? \nThe person who composed this song must be very skillful ......
I heard that this song was composed in the troubled times ......
There are naturally some techniques in this ......
The Tang Dynasty songs and dances are different from those of this time, with romantic and strange colors and a wide range of styles.
Really! I've longed for the Sheng Tang dance music for a long time, but I have no chance to see it ......
If you have the opportunity to look at ......
Well, naturally it is good ......
The "Jieshi Tune - The Orchid" has a slight sound but far-reaching ambition, which cannot be appreciated by those who do not have a clean and fragrant mind.
The person who can play such music ...... must have extraordinary ambitions!
So that's it? No wonder ......
Those who do not know the rhythm cannot know the beauty of it ......
When I heard about Guangling San, I was so proud and dashing, but I didn't feel sad.
It's a pity that ...... I don't hear what Jikang played in the past ...... is my regret ......
Sounds like it to me too ......
As it should be ......
The song ends when the country is broken and people are scattered, and people say it is an ominous song.
What does the prosperity and decline of a nation ...... have to do with song and dance?
The situation under the sky, divided for a long time will be united, united for a long time will be divided ......
Just so you know ......
The Dunhuang Songbook contains many ancient, long-lost tunes and scores.
I just heard that ...... this book is very obscure, few people can read it ......
That is very precious ......
You should know it by heart ......
The book contains lost music scores such as the Interlude Exercise and the Disfigured Exercise, which is the beginning of the qin sound.
I have admired this book for a long time ...... hope my skills are more lean ......
I've also heard great things about this book ......
What I said is not false ......
The game of chess
The book says: Do not be greedy to win. It is the theory of step by step, mind like water.
There is a reason for this! I'm definitely going to try ......
There is also some truth in this statement ...... can not be anxious ......
Since I entered this door, these truths have been familiar with ......
The game of Go is a kind of warrior's game. When you place a game of Go around a city, you win.
You say it's easy ...... but I still don't know where, can you tell me carefully ......
The deployment of troops, step by step, as for the siege, is not a soldier ......
Well, it can also be said so ......
In the book, chess is like marching an army, with skillful deception, with careful examination, examining the time and measuring the situation.
From this ...... seems to show some of the ways of the art of war ......
I've heard of these methods too ......
These are the common methods used in Go ......
The "Old Woman's Genealogy" lies in the fact that the "chess" is unexpected and the "move" of the first person.
Go is amazing ...... ......
It does seem so ......
Since you know this, you may be able to compete with others ......
There are three theories of chess: the purpose of the game, the situation of the game, and the order of the game, and if you can understand one of them, you are invincible.
Since the game is called the first of the three theories, I think it must be something extraordinary!
Oh ...... have heard of its great name, if there is a chance ......
There are many different chess positions ......
The diagrams in the book, such as the sweet spring diagram and the five rooks position, are surprising in their first move and second move.
This is the sage of Go, right? ...... Anyone can not think how to ......
If you have the opportunity ...... you and I can play the score together ......
Such is the mystery of chess ......
If you do not think about it, you will be defeated.
It sounds very mysterious ...... the way of gaming is really difficult to understand ......
It is this truth ...... is indeed subtle ......
Well, that's it ......
The book begins with the tactic of using the gun of the Shun-shou and the gun of the Lie-shou, and the game is never lost.
I've never heard of any of these ...... when there really is never a losing battle!
There may be something wonderful in it ......
There is something wonderful about ......
It is said that this game is a game of the Heavenly Palace, and no one has been able to solve this game in the past and present.
Even Liu Zhongfu also vomited several liters of blood ...... It seems that the rumors are not false ......
Maybe there really is someone who can solve this game ......
There is no unsolved chess game in the world ......
Poetry and Books of Insight
The book contains records of Tang Dynasty dwellings, artifacts, and food, which differ from those of today.
What did they look like in Tang? Are they different from the artifacts we use ......
Seems less convenient than us ......
Available for Pediatric Readers ......
The words in the book are so catchy that even a child with a yellow mouth can recite them backwards.
There are some truths in the book ...... It is good to let children know ......
I seem to have heard a child sing the chant ......
Rhyme in harmony, naturally so ......
The book lists the calligraphy of Shi Zhou, Li Si, Cai Yong, Wang Xizhi and others as divine.
What is the beauty of their calligraphy ...... compared to mine ......
Several of them do have unusual calligraphy ......
There is nothing wrong with that ......
Zhao Gou's clear and flowing, distinctive and unique calligraphy can be said to have attained the greatness of the Six Dynasties.
I have no chance to see ...... I don't know what kind of wonderful writing ......
I've also copied his lettering post ...... indeed as you said ......
It is also the work of years and years ......
Stroke is the force, potential, hidden, know these three, then the body method of a hundred changes, also get the spirit of rhyme.
I've heard about the beauty of the "Nine Positions", it seems I have to study and read it again ......
I have also been studying these three points recently ......
These three points, I already know ......
The crowd shed tears when they heard the book, and they all sighed at every turn: the living made death farewell, hate that can be discussed.
Called a sigh of relief ...... every thought of this, always can not help but ......
I think it must be very well written ...... otherwise how can it be a tear jerker ......
The calligrapher's brushwork is extremely good ...... party can be so ......
All writers of regular script use the character 永 as the starting stroke and follow the eight methods of the character 永.
What you say is very true ...... I have seen some children write eternal words since they were young ......
Is that really the case? Maybe I'll check out this book too ......
I know a little more than you do ......
The people of Tibet regard King Gesar as a hero of the ages and hold him in high esteem.
Only heard of his name ......\n for its people but do not know very well, you may be able to talk to me if you have the opportunity ......
That must have been a wise king ......
The book is a collection of four words: elegance and vulgarity. Sound, emotion, and song are all contained in these three hundred pieces.
Both for the temple to hear the ...... and for the people to sing the ...... \n is not exactly the right set of elegance and vulgarity!
The value of this book is naturally not comparable to ordinary books ......
Painting Insights
Without seeing the painting, but hearing the "Picture Song", you can know seven percent of the image.
Such a magical ......\n think the author must know these paintings very well, otherwise how could he write such a fitting phrase ......
Is that so? Then I'd like to see the painting he's talking about sometime ......
I have seen many masterpieces and have known their faces for a long time ......
Huang Huofu traveled all over Shu and visited many monasteries to compile this book.
If it were not for him ...... the world where people know that there are such masterpieces in Shu ......
Such spiritual perseverance, called my generation to sigh at themselves ......
I have seen many murals in the world, not only in Shu ......
Most of the landscape paintings today are influenced by this book, but no one has been able to cross its fence.
It seems so ...... crowd is only willing to imitate, it is difficult to innovate ......
The scenery is always different ......
Nevertheless, there is a creation ......
Before this painting, there were only plums, orchids, bamboo and chrysanthemums, but after this painting, there were just a hundred forms of living beings.
This is very true! People all over the world love some plum, orchid, bamboo, chrysanthemum, fish, shrimp, birds and birds ......
The plum, the bamboo and the chrysanthemum are good, the cow and the donkey are also good ......
This I know ......
This book records many famous writers who were not known to the world at that time, but are now well known.
The author of this book has such a discerning eye, but unfortunately he is no longer in the world ......
I don't know if it's Deng Tsubaki's wise eye, or if it's the clouds ......
You say that person, I also know ......
The woman painted in the book is physically and mentally correct, and people dare not feel profane when they look at her.
I have also heard that the paintings are painted with benevolent women, \n but is there really such a painting in the world?
If people don't see it, they will think you are exaggerating ...... but they are not ......
The works of Gu Kaiyi are of God and form ......
The palace is opened in the nine heavens, and the crowns of all the nations worship the tassels. The atmosphere of Tang is here.
Such a picture ...... such a blooming Tang ...... just a glance, it has made my heart yearn for ......
Just listening to what you say, I feel very grand ......
There is a skill in it ......
Bianjing's hundreds of states, the huge details, human feelings and customs, just like in front of you.
Maybe I can let my ancestors see ...... they must also want to see the once Bianjing ......
If there is a chance, I also want to see the ...... After all, that is Bianjing ......
Well, exactly what I said ......
The painting of Luo Shen magnificent posture, elegant, quiet body leisure ...... is not a picture, is really Luo Shen.
What you said is so evocative ...... I would like to meet ......
No wonder some people ask for it for thousands of dollars ......
I've seen it naturally ......
The sight of art and mathematics
The ancients used to use Chrysostom to predict good and bad fortune and assert the future of the past and present.
Do you also know this golden mantra? Can you give me a prediction of good fortune as well ......
Is there an accurate ......?
Perhaps it can be read to a yellow child ......
This book is used to predict the destiny of the dealings, there may be fulfilled.
Those fortune tellers on the street, could it be that what they read is also this book ...... is sometimes accurate ......
There are always inaccuracies ......
Maybe you can discuss with a fortune teller ......
Qi Men Dun Jia has a total of 18 bureaus, which can be used for marching and laying out, then as the gods and ghosts help.
So, I can be sure to familiarize myself with it is, nowadays the world ...... where is not marching ......
I also have a test ...... does have the magic ......
The reason, I already know ......
In the past, the Qintian Superintendent to the Purple Wei Dou Shu dynasty to measure the fate of the dynasty, has said to date.
If so, why not avoid harm? Or because there is no avoiding ......
So it seems that this Purple Wei Dou Shu is really powerful ......
Even early crack, but then how ......
In the year of the monarch, the star of the year is in the son, and will rise and set with the two stars of the false and dangerous.
And such wonders! Just what is this reasoning ......
Starry night and such a scene, which may have a reason to rely on ......
There is indeed such an astrological sign ......
The rising and setting of the stars and the changing of the sun and moon are all closely related to national and human fortunes.
What is the reasoning behind this? It is clear that the sun, moon and stars live in the sky, far away from us ......
I think there is some truth in ......
I know the basis of this statement ......
This book is said to be the beginning of the five elements, created by the size of Kyushu. It is said that it is a book to see the sky and explore the earth.
The mysteries of heaven and earth, to get a glimpse of two, is already great ......
That ...... is really a strange book it ......
This book uses more than that ......
When the sage, the "He Tu Luo Shu" is out, people regard it as the heavenly destiny of Rui Ying.
I heard that only in the reign of Fuxi and Dayu, only appeared ......
Have you ever seen such a precious book?
Well ...... is there so the word ......
The Zhou Yi is a broad book that teaches people to understand rituals and to divine destiny.
Now I know why this book is called the source of the Great Way ......
But knowing one of them is already a big deal ......
So, you should read it often ......
Tasting Insights
The beauty of tea and water, expensive in tea, but also in water.
If you have a chance, you tell me how the water under the world is different ......
The water under the sky are different, nature has its own good ......
Anyone who knows tea knows this ......
The book contains Drunken Country. If you offer a thousand bells of wine, you can borrow the way to Gushe Mountain and reach Drunken Country.
There must be a thousand pots of wine there, everyone long drunk ...... unwilling to wake up ......
I do not want to go to any drunken country, here is the best ......
If you want to, go to ......
In the book on soup ware: gold and silver called rich, stone faceted called Xubi, copper and iron called wrapped mouth.
Can gold and silver hold tea soup? I thought that only wine and water are related to the vessel ......
Among my favorite to ...... drink tea ...... taste fresh ......
This is not a strange story either ......
The book said tea: the first of a hundred herbs to the Son of Heaven; said wine: jade wine and jelly through the nobleman.
This seems to be right ...... but tea and wine are always different, so I prefer ......
Tea is good, wine is good, I love it all ......
But water is the most indispensable ......
The book on tea color, pure white for the top, green and white second, gray and white second, yellow and white and second.
So ...... I can write down, next time will not call people swindle go ......
I but salty rarely see the pure white teal ......
Well, it's word for word ......
In the winter months, the wine is made by holding the urn and waiting for it to be ready in a short time. This method is less known than others.
It is indeed different from what I heard about brewing, and I don't know what the brewed wine tastes like ......
Well ...... I've heard of it, just never tried it ......
The wine made in this way ...... is undoubtedly a good wine ......
The book says: Although water has likes and dislikes, but regardless of the second. It is the most fair.
I also think it is reasonable ...... also do not have to evaluate a high and low ......
Whether well water, river water ...... have merit ......
Nature ......
Glutinous and japonica are blended together and mixed with flowers for the cake, then the wine is made into a quart, and the wine is made into a fine brew.
Such a wine song I have not heard of ...... seems to be different from other wine songs ......
I have tried ...... just not easy to make ......
It is easy to say, but not easy to do ......
Its tasting of the world's tea, said Giaozhou, Guangzhou as the top, Yizhou, Youzhou as the bottom.
No wonder the taste of tea is different ...... original origin is different ......
Well ...... seems to be exactly that ......
The world's tea tasters all hold it as a guideline ......
Forging Insights
The decoration on the body of the tripod is carved by the hammering and burin method.
The original is used in such a way ...... so that the ornamentation is beautiful ......
Hammering, burin method but also not too difficult ......
The method of hammering and burin is no longer a secret ......
The location and texture of the ore varies, as does the wood used and the fire potential.
Why is this? Isn't there a once and for all solution?
I have seen ...... seems so ......
I've seen ...... and I've handled ......
The book contains more than forty pieces of swords of emperors and famous generals, with the style of their masters.
Tell me what swords are there? And which generals are they?
The record is quite detailed ......
It is not difficult to replicate ......
The book said the phase sword: sword color yellow and white mixed, then firm stuff, is a good sword.
You seem to know a lot about swords, if there is an opportunity to ask you to look at it for me ......
I'll make a note of ......
This is indeed one of the phasing sword techniques ......
There are a hundred rivers in the nine states, whose water can forge the Dragon Spring, which can be followed.
The river always dries up ...... this matter or less people know for the better ......
Do you know which rivers?
I have already verified one by one ......
The Five Swords of the King of Yue are hidden in the high places of the mountains, the deepest places of the water, and the low places of the earth.
And what is that place? You'll have to let me think about it ......
I seem to have penetrated one of them ......
The creation of things is not only about the level of skill, but also about the timing and location.
This is the first time I've heard this argument, and there is some truth to it when you think about it ......
Timing? The earth's advantage? What is said seems to be very broad ......
I naturally know the reasoning behind each of these things ......
With the tin of the mountain, the copper of the stream, the sword cast by the blazing fire of the casting furnace, the sharpness is comparable to that of a divine weapon.
Hearing this from you ...... have you also forged out?
It sounds very impressive ......
This is indeed the key to forging a sword ......
Fire can melt jade, and copper and iron casting, as much as jade, copper, iron of the advantages.
Is there really such a secret method in the world! I've never heard anyone say that ......
I don't know if ...... is a rumor or not ......
There is indeed this method circulating ......
Woodworking
If the rotten wood is carved with skillful work, it can be carved.
All rotten wood can be carved? This is also interesting ......
There is a piece of rotten wood there, you can try to carve it ......
This is not a strange thing ......
The world's flowers, plants and trees, all have a use, food, clothing, housing and transportation, indispensable.
You say this ...... I just noticed ...... is so ......
You are really observant ......
I've been involved in all of them is ......
After the Shang dynasty, the car decorated with literature, the boat with engraving, not only solid only.
I heard that the luxury house will also inlay treasures on top of the boat ...... attracts chase ......
Naturally it is still most important to be firm ......
The technique of which is not superb ......
The book can not only make wood, but also be used for people's livelihood.
Ah? I have not heard anyone talk about ...... maybe you can talk to me about ......
Maybe I know it too ......
Therefore, I have memorized the words of the book ......
Mechanical Bird weapon, uses Comprehension and Ware style attacks.
Luban's whimsical ideas, and where today's people can reach ...... how to talk about reproduction?
Are you the one with enlightenment?
There's really nothing hard about it ......
The sky is round and the place can be measured; the day is long and the night is short, and there are changes.
I don't know what way there can be to measure the breadth of heaven and earth ......
Measure of heaven and earth, what a big mouth ......
I don't know ......
The book contains a large scale of regulation, less than the strange and obscene techniques, not comparable to folk techniques.
After all, it is the royal palace ...... heard that in the past the construction of the imperial city craftsmen will have read this book ......
Kinky techniques also have the fun of kinky techniques ......
Both are good, not to be compared with each other ......
In line with the earth, the time of day created by the organs, not the time, location and people can not be broken.
Heard that the author of this book had supervised the construction of the tomb of Qin Shi Huang? Qin Shi Huang's tomb so far no one knows ......
So ...... really hard to crack ......
The mortise and tenon structure, regardless of the palace, furniture can be tightly fastened, to the seamless.
Don't you need to fix it with iron nails? How can this be ......
The beauty of it is really amazing ......
What is said is true ......
Medical Insights
Read the Pulse Classic to know the disease.
Then everyone should read the Pulse Sutra, which may prevent many diseases ......
So what if you know? It doesn't heal ......
Available to the general public at ......
Read "Chu's legacy" to get rid of minor ailments.
If you can know the disease early, you should be able to treat it in time ......
Oh ...... just can't assert malady ......
Then you need to read it carefully ......
If you know the difficulties and solve them, then none of the eighty-one difficulties mentioned therein is considered difficult.
Huh ...... Then you tell me, which 81 difficulties, what ailments can be cured?
Healers may want to read ...... often
These have been considered unusual ...... and not difficult to treat ......
Anyone who has a disease can view this book to prescribe the right remedy to solve many miscellaneous diseases.
Then you can keep this book at home, so that you do not need to see a doctor ......
This ...... I have tried ......
Maybe still not as good as ......
The cure is to seek the root of the disease, investigate the root of the disease and remove it, the party will not repeat, otherwise it is pointless.
This is a valid point! It's just hard to find the root cause of the disease ......
It's natural ...... just the root of the disease is hard to find ......
It makes so much sense ......
In the past, if Cao Cao was willing to open his skull, his disease could not be cured.
Although Hua Tuo's medical skills are superb, this craniotomy has never been done before, why are you saying this?
If so ...... less people in the world die because of illness ......
There is a beauty in it ......
The scriptures and prescriptions in the book are sufficient to save the people's lives if they know what they are doing.
I heard that many pharmacies use the remedies contained in this book ......
It is really for the benefit of the people ......
So what if ......
There are no ordinary herbs in the book, and when cooking medicine, "Jun" is "indispensable".
Then will you tell me what medicines are in the book?
Is there really no alternative?
Indeed these are ......
Those who know the book and do it will end their days and be 100 years old before they leave.
Live long and prosper? Is there really such a book in the world?
If you have this book ...... naturally a thousand dollars is hard to buy ......
Well, it makes sense where ......
Toxicology sightings
The mosquitoes that grow in the hot miasma have toxins, so you need to wear a long shirt to enter the forest.
If I go to the land of hot pestilence, I will surely bring a long shirt with me ......
I'll make a note of this ......
Well, I am aware of it ......
The Poison Sutra contains a class of poisonous herbs that grow in the south and kill humans and animals when eaten.
Know this poison, I can also avoid in time ......
Next time we should pay more attention to it ......
You pay more attention is ......
Although it is called the cleansing of injustice, but in order to make good use of the poisoner, it is made to give poison, detoxification and other methods.
Do you know? If so, you can also tell me the methods of poisoning and antidote ......
This ...... should not hurt the next person will be good ......
You can also take a deeper look at ......
The treatise on evil things contains hemlock and hemlock, which are so toxic that there is no cure.
How horrible is it? The person who wrote the book must have studied poisons very well ......
Such potency ...... does outperform many poisons ......
If it is poison, there is an antidote ............
The poison contained therein does not lie in the strange and intense, but in the ability to attack poison with poison.
I heard that the author of this book is a monk, writing this book must have no harmful intentions ......
That means it can cure many strange poisons?
I am naturally aware of this ......
Wine and poison are soft, for chronic poison, and strong, for severe poison.
Is it really so horrible? Hearing you say this, I also dare not drink wine ......
I don't know if there is a solution ......
The theory of mutual generation is not difficult to understand ......
The book contains one hundred and twenty-five herbs, as a medicine in the adjuvant, but the ruler of the poison.
Since it is a harmful poison, no wonder it is an adjuvant in medicine ......
The theory of medical toxicity is only ......
The points listed in the book should not be used without permission, damaging the true source and causing delusion and killing.
This is to hurt the enemy a thousand and lose eight hundred?
Poisoning is originally a self-defeating art ......
It's good that you know ......
The book contains Yunnan, Guangnan, Huainan of the three types of poison for the top, poison can not be solved.
This ...... world is really an insoluble poison ......
Such a strange thing ...... can not be found ......
I already know, but do not need to say more ......
Weaving of brocade
The weaving of the floral tapestry is complex, requiring one person to jacquard the flowers and another to cast the shuttle.
The original is so woven ...... No wonder the price of flower roses is high ......
Today I do know ......
I have seen it ......
Li brocade is mostly woven with colorful silk and jibe, and the spinning, weaving and dyeing are different from those of the Central Plains.
Li brocade flower color but different from the Central Plains, the original is woven with color silk, jibe ......
Li brocade weaving clothes must also be very beautiful ......
Ethnic weaving and dyeing is different from the Middle Kingdom, and not only Li brocade ......
Jade, such as empty green, flowers and plants, such as persimmon leaves, all colored, can be used to pick color.
These I can see every day, there is such a good use ......
I have seen all these clothes color ......
It is these ......
The silk production method is: cocoon selection, cocoon cooking, silk reeling, silk drying.
I didn't know before ...... that silk clothes were made like this ......
No wonder silk clothes are so light and beautiful ......
That's the order ......
In Tang times, the clothing system was not confined to the shape, color and pattern, and included everything from the north to the south.
Hearing your words, I also can't help but feel the desire to ......
Tang was different from today ......
Woof with the method of weaving through the warp and weft, bearing the empty view as the carved image.
Wouldn't that be more lifelike, weaving petals with several layers, or could attract bees and butterflies?
If you have the opportunity, it is necessary to see ......
The techniques involved are really not easy ......
If you follow the law in your dress, you will behave in a courteous manner.
So ...... you and I should pay more attention to dress neatly at all times ......
It does seem to be as you say ......
Well, it makes so much sense ......
Weaving flowers and brocade is the most delicate part of the weaving, it is necessary to see the eye into the micro, and the loom constantly.
This ...... is not easy to hear. \n Is there really an embroiderer who can see into the details and loom constantly?
Is there really such an embroiderer in the world?
Just be skilled ......
Rayon started the silkworms, and the clothes were covered by the world.
This book is a credit to a thousand years!
Such a great work, it is really difficult to reach ......
Nature ...... its is the originator of weaving ......
The Artisan's Insight
Red sand, can grasp soft jade; purple sand, can attack hard jade.
So that's it ...... I'll go hunting later ......
You even know this ......
What is known in the industry, nothing special ......
The ancients used the six rites of heaven, earth, green dragon, vermilion bird, white tiger and xuanwu.
Can such ...... pray for the peace and security of the family?
There is also such a role ......
Since ancient times ......
Although the jade has a beautiful quality, between the stone, not worth the good work of polishing, and rubble is not different.
If there is no skilled craftsman, the stone will not become jade ......
These ...... I naturally know ......
Guangxi agate, Sichuan jasper, all the world jade set, more than this book.
Have you been there? Is it true what the book says?
So that ...... may be able to go forward to ......
There are also many outside the ...... not the Middle Kingdom ......
Gemstone out of the West, Hui-falcon, without re-grinding, and get the heavenly truth.
No wonder I have not seen in the mountains and forests, the original is the West ......
Xifan and Huihu are too far away from us ......
If from this industry, this is not considered a strange stone ......
The handcrafted clever, natural outstanding extraordinary, eye to hand point, into gold and jade stone also.
A skilled craftsman can naturally turn stone into jade ...... Can you also?
Study often, perhaps you can achieve such a state ......
It is not a strange thing to become after years ......
After the corners of the weight are removed and the vessel is shaped, the object is as delicate as a hair.
Such a coincidence ...... is really bizarre ......
Such skills are rare indeed ......
I have used a lot of ......
Jade buried under the building wood for ten years, with blood pouring seeds, said to be living jade.
Living Jade! I've only heard of it, but I've never seen it. Is there really such a strange object?
Do you know where Kenwood is?
This method has been used since ancient times ......
Gold born in Lishui, jade out of Kungang, the Western Queen Mother to give people.
But I don't know if it will be given to me?
Kunlun? Where the Queen Mother of the West lives, no wonder the jade is piled up ......
Is there such a thing as words ......
Sightings of Daoism
The five organs are dominated by the spleen, which is the central point.
Is this the meaning of Huangting?
That naturally requires more attention ......
The Way is unobtainable, the Way is unspeakable, the Way is unthinkable.
The Tao ...... is originally subtle ......
I couldn't understand what you were saying for a while ......
This theory in the book is known to all ......
Quiet indifference and tranquility can nourish the nature, and the blood vessels are free of stagnation, and the five organs are free of azure gas.
Is it really so? It's just that being in the jungle doesn't make you clean ......
This ...... is not something I can control ......
This is the theory of Jushi's health ......
Gold into the fire, Bi Tian immortality, people serving the golden elixir, not old and immortal.
Ageless and immortal ...... Is there really such a golden elixir in the world? \nBut I still have friends, family and loved ones, and how can I be ageless and immortal ......
Agelessness and immortality are what people want ......
Folk warlocks have long tried ......
The extreme of the Tao is the opposite, things flourish and decline.
This may be true of everything ......
That's the truth ......
Well, there is this theory in the book ......
Liezi Guiyu Shangxuan, refined into the wind art, you can walk on the wind, like a god.
If you can walk on the wind, is that not a god?
Has he attained immortality?
One of its own practices is ......
Heaven and earth are born together with me, and all things are one with me.
The words are subtle ...... I was not able to penetrate, but I seem to have known its meaning ......
Does this ...... mean so ......
This theory in the book, I have my own opinion ......
Heaven gives birth to all things and Heaven kills all things, which is the principle of the Tao.
All things are born of heaven and earth ...... you and I are also, so birth, old age, sickness and death ......
Why live and die ......
Tao is the essence of heaven and earth, the source of all things.
The great mystery of the Tao, you and I only know a little ......
The subtlety of the Tao ...... is really difficult to understand ......
The road is hard to penetrate ......
Buddhist Insights
Reciting the Heart Sutra often may lead to blessings.
In this way, I shall often recite ......
What kind of blessings do you receive?
Is it due to the blessing of recitation ......
Reciting the Vajra Sutra while having merit and blessing.
Merit ...... and what kind of merit ......
Is it due to merit recitation ......
Recite and hear the Earth Store Sutra to eliminate infinite sins.
Can sins ...... be eliminated by chanting?
Buddha said that all people are treated equally, it is so true ......
Do you chant because of eliminating sinful karma ......
Recite the Sutra of the Forty-two Chapters at all times, and do not commit any evil, but practice all good deeds.
Since then chanting is only ......
Is it really so divine?
I hold good thoughts since ......
Reciting the Three Sutras of the Pure Land will lead one to the Pure Land of Ultimate Bliss.
I wish them to be born in bliss and not to suffer in the next life ......
What does the Polaris Pure Land ...... look like again?
You should recite it often ......
Anyone who holds the precepts and has merit and virtue is said to get what he wants at every turn.
Getting what you want ...... is unbelievable ...... is it really as you say?
Is this really the case?
I have nothing more to ask ......
The virtue of holding the Avatamsaka Sutra subdues all demons.
Recite from time to time, so that all demons and spirits are not allowed to come near ......
Is there really such a divine power?
This matter should be known to the public is ......
Hearing, writing, and causing others to write the Myoho-renge-kyo Sutra, one gains immense merit and virtue.
I will copy this sutra sincerely ......
So what if the merit is immense ......
Will the book be written because of the infinite merit ......
Always hold and recite the Lankan Sutra to attain Bodhichitta Nirvana and attain Supreme Righteousness.
Only I do not seek to become a Buddha ......
Wouldn't that be becoming a Buddha ......
Just universal beings ......
Culinary Insights
Jiangnan good sweet, Qilu heavy salty, Sichuan like spicy.
Then I know where to go for a long trip ......
There is also a taste of my favorite ......
Folk are so saying ......
Scrub the fish inside and outside with mint, pepper, perilla and green onion until extremely clean, then remove the fishy.
So thank you so much, I was worried about how to deal with the fishy ......
Surprisingly there is such a method ......
The person who cooks the fish is naturally familiar with this method ......
The restaurant receives guests with vegetarian dishes from the mountains and flowers from streams and rivers.
It does sound interesting!
The banquet has long been elegant and vulgar, not today's party ......
Spring sowing, summer planting, autumn harvesting, winter fertilization, is the reason for farming.
I see, maybe I can also try to try ......
The farmer is really tired ......
People's livelihood in agriculture, more than that ......
A vegetarian steam sound part in the food list, the carved musician's clothes fluttering, as if flying heaven.
Just listen to what you say, you can know where this chef's skills are superior ......
Unfortunately, I was unable to see ......
It has its own techniques ......
The book contains the practice of crab stuffed orange, which comes out with the flavor of wine, chrysanthemum, fragrant orange and crab.
Hearing this from you, I am already salivating ......
Such a way of eating, really elegant ......
Thanks to the ingredients only ......
The methods listed in the "Food Sutra" can make the food not spoil and have more flavor and beauty.
You quickly talk to me, what is the method? Home vegetables and food pile up, very wasteful ......
This method ...... when the people know ......
I am aware of it, no need to elaborate ......
In the book, it is said that the livelihood of the people starts from farming and ends with acyanide.
The word "food" seems to sum it up in one word!
What the book says is true ......
The book contains records of imperial meals. One of them is "preserved mackerel with wine", which was loved by Emperor Wu.
Both can wake up ...... which has any reason in it ......
Yu joy's talent of eating and drinking is really hard for us to reach ......
Well, there is indeed such a dish ......
Miscellaneous Studies
Eight wax, is the three generations of the play ritual, people often gather at the end of the year play.
I seem to have seen it before, it turns out to be called eight wax ......
I seem to have seen ......
I have often seen ...... is not an uncommon thing ......
One of the best flowers: orchid, peony, wax plum, wine, purple wind flow.
The best of flowers, it really deserves it!
Among them is my favorite flower ......
Well, the ancients were so tasteless ......
The tomb of King Helu contains 3,000 famous swords, among which are Bian Zhu and Fish Gut.
Is it true? Maybe we can go to the tomb of Helu together ......
If I could get one of these ......
Nowadays there are much less ......
There are many different languages in various places, and their people say that the prostration is moving ...... is a dialect.
Interesting! Interesting! Say it again and I'll listen ......
Hey, I can also say a couple of words ......
Well ...... is the idea ......
The sky and the earth are large, not the Central Plains, the Western region and other places, there is a wide range of places, said the mountains and seas.
Is it bigger than the Middle Kingdom? And what's up there?
The Sea of Mountains? Where is that?
Yes there is such a place ......
The book discusses the way of winning for people: weighing the pros and cons, and avoiding bad luck.
What kind of reasoning is this? Could it be the same for Zhang Yi and Su Qin ......
It sounds reasonable ......
I already know it by heart, no need to elaborate ......
The "Seven Strategies" contains the general essence of all the books, the three Mo and the eight Confucians, all should be read through.
Not to mention Mohism and Confucianism, even ordinary people should read ......
I heard that the prime ministers and literati of all generations read this book ......
Then you have to read ...... often.
The scholar is a practitioner of the Moist doctrine, who does not distinguish between you and me, and who feels what people feel.
Such people are already rare ......
Is there really such a person in the world?
The ancient chivalry, all like this ......
The book contains the art of engraved photocopying and magnetic southern finger, which stands out from the hundred lines and hundred industries.
Is there anything to say about this? Just the art of printing is really unusual ......
It is indeed an innovation ......
Well ...... I also dabble in ......
Tupou's insights
People mostly live in high cold places, to yak camel thing, like to eat cattle, sheep, milk, barley.
If you have the opportunity, would like to see and taste ......
Although I know it, I can't see it with my own eyes ......
Commonly known as the male strong said Zan, the husband said Pu, the Tufan ruler's name contains more "Zanpu".
Just like the old "emperor", there is a special meaning ......
I am aware of this statement ......
With chess and six bo as the play, and conch and drum as the music, the monarchs and ministers were often married to each other as "common life".
The king and minister are friends, indeed different ......
It is true that the king and his ministers share the same fate ......
The land produces good horses, people are good at riding horses in combat, armor wrapped body, strong bow and sharp knife can not be hurt.
So prim and proper, I don't know if it's true or not ......
I have also heard about this ......
Tufan often marry with other countries, if the marriage, is an alliance of mutual benefit signs.
In the old days, a princess went to the peacemaker and later ......
Alliances between in-laws are indeed common ......
In the old days, when one person became a monk, seven households were supported by the common people, and nowadays, monks are also revered.
Although there is a precept to become a monk, here everyone should want to become a monk ......
I have also heard about the prosperity of the monks in Tubo ......
In ancient times, there are seven kings of the sky Edward, is the son of the gods, a unified Tufan, with the sky ladder back to the sky.
Since ancient times, there are powerful people, extraordinary people can be ......
I have also heard about the Son of God ......
The Buddha's head is crowned with gold, decorated with precious stones, sitting on brocade and covered with tassels on the throne.
So it seems that I, the Central Plains Bodhisattva is very clear suffering ......
I know this too ......
There are palaces named Potala Palace, through the secret land paradise, its many rooms, it is difficult to count.
Paradise? Did anyone really go looking for it? Did they really find it?
What is the joy, it is difficult to say ......
A glimpse of Tianzhu
It often trades with various countries, producing vajra, chandan, and tulip, and rice that matures four times a year.
It is indeed a scene of abundance ......
I have also heard about the local style ......
Men wear earrings, ear dangles, women wear gold, silver, beads and tassels, all like barefoot.
Seems to be different from the Middle Kingdom, I don't know how it really looks like ......
Its people dressed up, I have also heard of ......
Tianzhu covers an area of 30,000 miles, with more than 1,000 cities and dozens of affiliated countries, with pilgrims coming from all directions.
It also sounds like the master of the party ......
The prosperity of Tianzhu, indeed ......
If the food is made of wood and tile, it will be discarded after use, and if gold and iron are used, it will be washed and polished more.
Or for the reason that they like to be pure ......
Such a custom, I have also heard ......
There are many Buddhist monuments in the country, and the people of the country worship Buddhism and do not kill or drink alcohol.
Buddhism seems to have come from Tianzhu ......
Famous places in all directions are indeed often associated with Buddha ......
There are five-colored birds in the country, which can speak human language and are psychic, and were given to the Central Plains during the Tang Dynasty.
This bird is special and fascinating ......
The psychic bird, it seems to be true ......
In the past, there were skillful craftsmen who went to heaven three times to see the true appearance of Maitreya Bodhisattva, and then carved wood for the image.
Does the Bodhisattva have a true form?
I have also heard about the wooden statue of Bodhisattva ......
Rumor has it that someone can use the colorful water, cast the art of immortality, and can chant incantations to raise clouds and rain.
The art of immortality, hard to say whether it is true or not ......
This is a strange thing, I also heard something ......
Prince Siddhartha attained enlightenment under the Bodhi tree and passed on the Buddha's teachings to the world, and later became Sakyamuni Buddha.
Passing on the law to the world is by no means an easy task and cannot be done by non-saints ......
The beginning of Buddhism, it is said to be true ......
Persia
Persian specialty carpets, ceramics, wool fabrics, etc., there are flat-faced cats named Persian cats.
The products are indeed different, and I think the cat must be cute too ......
These products, I have also heard a couple of ......
The climate is hot, so families hide ice to relieve the heat; the land is dry, so people draw water to irrigate.
Diversion of water and hidden ice, the people's fundamental ......
The climate and terroir of this place, indeed ......
The Persian king, whose surname is Persian, sits on a bed of golden goats, wears a crown of golden flowers, and is clothed with pearls and treasures.
Is the name of the country based on the surname of the king? Or is the king's surname based on the name of the country?
Persian allusion, indeed ......
Persia produces white elephants, and its people often fight by elephants, and one elephant can accompany a hundred warriors.
The elephant is extremely huge, and I think it will be invincible ......
I have also heard of this kind of warfare ......
The people of this region are mostly Zoroastrians, who worship fire, light and the sun.
This religion must be what I call Zoroastrianism in the Middle Kingdom ......
I have also heard about the Persian sect ......
Persian acrobatic performances are exceptional, with "magic", "flying", and even elephants in the show.
Strange people and strange arts, really tempting ......
This place miscellaneous arts, indeed a thousand strange ......
The ground has a salty pool, in which coral trees, amber, pearls, and the country is not surprised.
Gentiles are mostly simple by nature and not bound by external things ......
The legend of Jumbo, I have also heard ......
Legend has it that if there is a wise ruler in the world, the Lord of the Gods will manifest his spirit to help, and the gods will take the form of birds and animals.
Birds and animals are mostly auspicious, or all of them are made by the gods ......
The things of the gods are often unknown as true or false ......
The supreme god Ahura has the sun and the moon as his eyes to give light and an unquenchable fire.
The sun and the moon travel day and night, illuminating the dark night, is also an inextinguishable fire ......
The unquenchable fire is really rare, both is a miracle, not to be coveted ......
Rome
There are more than four hundred cities in the thousands of miles of Daqin, with stone for the citadel and lime for the walls.
The country is so vast that it does have the foundation of a great nation ......
I have also heard of the great Qin city's extensive ......
There are gladiatorial arenas where 100,000 people can sit around and watch the beasts and slaves fight in the arena.
On such a grand scale, it must be a national event ......
I had heard about it, but I couldn't go to see it myself ......
There are coral islands in the sea, large ships with iron nets fall into the bottom of the water, stranded coral roots out of the.
This stranded hair coral method, but is strange ......
I have also heard of this method ......
Many buildings are built of brick and stone, with many brick stacked dome, especially high and steep, but not collapse.
Wonderful wide buildings are erected to see the strength of its country ......
Such wonders, I have also heard ......
The city is hot and arrogant in the summer, people lead water on the house, four eaves flow, the air into a cool breeze.
This method is indeed a great pleasure in the summer heat ......
I also know some of the ways to avoid the summer heat and cool ......
Some doctors dissected monkeys, see the internal organs orientation, analogous to people, thought the human monkey similar.
There is a spirit in all things and its differences should not be in the flesh ......
Although the sparrow is small, all the organs are complete ......
He was good at stone carving, often carving portraits of people in stone, lifelike, or stone carving to remember events.
The stone sculpture can be immortalized for all generations, which shows the person's ambition ......
Stone carvings are difficult to transport, only rarely circulated ......
All the gods of the Pantheon gathered, man through the dome of the sacred hole to communicate with the sky, the soul since the ascension of heaven.
All the holy light shines on all the people, this temple can be called a holy place ......
The things of the gods must not be disrespected ......
Some people claim that the earth is like a ball, so if you travel all the way to the west, you will eventually return to your original place.
The sky is round but the place, this person is not wrong to put the sky under the ground?
I also know this statement ......
Greece
Wine and olive oil are produced in the region, and the people use the carrier pigeon and olive branch as proof of peace.
The dove and the olive are a metaphor for peace, there must be a reason for this ......
I have heard a thing or two about ......
There are many cities with different controls, either by the king's power or by the people's voice, and they are autonomous and peaceful.
No matter how the country is ruled, as long as the country is safe and secure, that's good ......
I have also heard of such governance ......
Children belong to the state and are taught morality and exercise martial arts uniformly until they reach adulthood.
Raising strong soldiers is the only way to strengthen the country ......
I have also heard of ......
When he attacked Troy, he hid dozens of soldiers in a wooden horse, sneaked into the city, and won the battle.
It can be said that clever and strong strategy, the army out of the strange place ......
I have also heard about this ......
People believed that God could solve their problems and asked questions in the temple, and the priests got an oracle from God to answer on their behalf.
But I don't know where the priests come from, there must be something great about them ......
It is difficult to say what the gods do ......
There was a sage named Socrates who taught the people the ways of virtue, wisdom and courage, and the world respected him.
A sage like Confucius is beyond the reach of mortals ......
I have also heard of this saint ......
There is the Acropolis, the temples of the gods are extremely solemn, carved extremely beautiful, as the gods made.
Temple miracle that cannot be repaired by the non-extremely devout ......
I have heard of it, but I am afraid I will not be able to see it ......
The gods and people of the same shape and the same sex, living in the holy mountain, each division, good mortal competition.
If you want to compete for the gods, you must do your best ......
The joy of athletics, strong and clear ......
There was no fire in the world, but a celestial god stole fire for people, and then was punished by eagle pecking between the cliffs.
Water and fire are born in heaven and earth, why do you need to steal, or another reference ......
The so-called fire theft, or for the opening of the wisdom ......
Turkic Insights
The water and grass is rich, good at breeding good horses, people are addicted to hunting and shooting, less plowing, often on the ice for deer.
Shepherding horses and sheep outside the country is the long-cherished wish of many heroes ......
I have also heard of the customs of the Hu people ......
The folklore is that the men are good at the game, the women like to step on the bow, drink horse cheese to get drunk, and sing and call each other.
Hu people are unrestrained, but also free ......
If you can do so, it will be joyful ......
There was a chief Ashina's, meaning the noble wolf, the people respected the wolf, with the wolf's head flag.
Although wolves are vicious, they are also loyal and brave ......
The surname of Ashna is indeed said to be ......
Common more by high wheel car, Wei also called high car department, or said Cile, blackmail for Tiehle.
Cile River, under the Yin Mountain, the sky is pale, the wilderness is vast ......
I have also heard of the Cyrus ......
The tribe is good at smelting iron, every New Year's Eve, every family refining iron in the furnace, to sacrifice their ancestors.
Iron making sacrifices to ancestors, which shows the bravery of the people ......
The custom of ancestor worship in this place is indeed said ......
The Northland is recently out of the place, the day is long and the night is short, cooking sheep at sunset, cooked when the East is already bright.
It is difficult to adjust the yin and yang of the Northland, it is not easy to live and work ......
The day is long and the night is short, the Yang is too strong ......
If you see a flock of sand chickens flying into the plug, know that it is a Turkic bird, flying south, the Hu people will come.
Bird rises at the sound of the ground ...... or as a warning to people ......
Birds and animals have spirits, and I have heard ......
There is Kanggan River, broken pine cast, three years of fossilization, the nodes are still there, called Kanggan stone.
Unusual wood rots when it meets water ...... This river may have a mystery ......
I have also heard about the difference of this river ......
Legend has it that his ancestor was named Shoma, and every day at dusk, he was guided by a white deer into the sea, and came out at dawn.
White deer or a divine messenger, leading the sun into the sea to rest?
Arabian Insights
Men wear white scarf and white robe, women wear black veil to show the pure and holy, auspicious.
White robe and black veil, sounding very solemn ......
This dressing up, I have also heard ......
There is a holy religion, sacrifice to heaven when not worship the king, no question of nobility, meat does not eat pigs, dogs, donkeys and horses.
It is a blessing for its people to have this holy religion ......
The holy religion of this place, indeed ......
Common reverence for wisdom, people know gunpowder, paper, digital, willing to equal weight gold for books.
Such a reverence for literature and education can't help but be admired ......
I know this too ......
The weather is hot and less rainy, the roof of the house is flat, people put beds on the roof and sleep on it at night.
Just like my Central China north and south, house construction is very different ......
Less rain and drought, so good ......
Rumor has it that there is an aromatic juice, the aroma of slow release, can be dipped in strong wine, people can dip the aroma at all times.
I wonder which is better or worse in smell compared to my Chinese incense pouch ......
I have also heard of this "fragrant juice" ......
If you go to the Central Plains, you have to cross the seven seas, color, taste, fish, wind, different products.
The seven seas are so vast, there must be many heroes and heroines ......
I have also heard about the Seven Seas ......
A collection of folklore biographies, with a hundred thousand stories interlocking, can tell a thousand and one nights.
Can say a thousand and one nights, certainly interesting ......
I have also heard the story ......
Every seventh day, the king said in the hall that those who died in battle would be reborn in heaven, so the people were loyal and brave.
Death in battle is still a heavenly soldier, who dares to commit ......
It is difficult to say what happens in life and death ......
A beast said: the west of the mountain there are three caves, hidden weapons, white characters black stone, the winner is the king.
Such a heavenly gift, just like the river map, Luoshu, non-saints can not get ......
I also know this legend ......
Germanic Insights
The land has a big snow mountain, the snow water on it into the river, through the various departments, the people rely on this life.
Snowy mountain scenery magnificent and can nourish the people, fascinating ......
I have also heard of such scenery ......
The people are long, blond and blue-eyed, and often carry weapons with them, making them brave and fearless.
Blonde hair and blue eyes, enough to see the difference ......
The people of the foreign countries are many tall and brave ......
He was good at making wood, and his houses and weapons were made of wood, reinforced by other things, and rarely used gold and iron.
Able craftsmen are not bound to the ware and material, admirable ......
The people do not value private property, but rather the survival of the nation and the pride of the struggle for the Lord.
All the people are ecumenical, the same progress and retreat, is the blessing of the nation ......
Respect the elders and respect the first, the people have no selfish desire ......
Whenever a baby is first born, it needs to be baptized with ice water to harden its bones and to drive away evil spirits.
I think people from foreign countries have a different physique than we do ......
I have also heard of such a custom ......
The people of the time revered the priestesses, thinking that they had divinity, and if there was prophecy, they did not dare to take it lightly.
As the saying goes, it is better to believe it than not to believe it ......
Ghosts and gods, dare not talk about ......
Rumor has it that there is an island on the sea, with a goddess traveling by a divine team, but no one dares to see its appearance.
God is solemn, nature should not peep directly ......
The appearance of the gods is mostly not the true appearance ......
There is a place called Gudun, whose beaches are covered with amber, and I don't know where it was born or where it came from.
Amber is made in heaven and born in earth, this is really a blessed place ......
I also know this blessed place ......
If a person passes away, he or she will be buried with a weapon and the soul will return to the god of destiny and gain eternal life.
Funeral legends vary from place to place, which shows the loyalty and courage of its people ......
I have also heard of this custom ......
Viking Insights
Viking in the West, sounding like bay, travel, its people are good at sailing and fighting.
Sea people are brave and different from ordinary people ......
I also know a little bit about the customs of sailing ......
The people often farming time sowing harvest, leisure time to go to sea, winter repair tools, four hours of leisure.
If you work so hard, you must be able to be self-sufficient ......
This custom I also know ......
People good ship, often take the oak system ships, warships flexible wind resistance, cargo ships high and wide and stable.
The sea people are good at boats and good at making boats, and the fruit has not bad craftsmanship ......
Ships of this country, indeed ......
When sailing if there is a dry land, it will open a special channel, set up guards, human power to move the boat into the river.
The road to the mountain, the boat on dry land ......
It's really not easy to travel on dry land ......
When the war, the people holding shields into a formation, the same advance and retreat unbreakable, known as the shield wall.
There is nothing wrong with the so-called "many wills, many shields" ......
I have also heard of this method of warfare ......
The legend of poetry in this place is not to note, but only in the winter house by the father's mouth.
No book to read, and no one to sing, it is really curious ......
But I don't know where I can hear these poems ......
Ice skates with whale bones as ice skates, tied to the sole of the deerskin shoes, wearing it can be fast walking on the ice.
Although you know the method of production, but no materials, even if the imitation, there is no pleasure in it ......
Ice skates are easy to make, but materials are hard to find ......
The god Odin, who had defeated countless giants with his spear, became the head of the gods.
The great power of the gods, mortals have to be in awe ......
I have also heard this legend ......
Rumor has it that there is a mysterious island, there was a seafarer who gathered gold on the island and hid it in a hidden place.
There are so many overseas immortal mountains and immortal islands, I think they all hide secrets ......
Legends are hard to test, not to be taken seriously ......
