Goddess Counterattack
With the divine power of Mo Maiden's garment, make your heirs fear no poison!
Evil-Vanquisher
With the divine power of the voodoo iron, make your heir fixation!
Glacial Aura
With the divine power of the Great Xuan Ning, make your heir's roots increase greatly!
Seven Wenceslas
With the divine power of dissolving dust and concealment, make your heir's enlightenment increase greatly!
Matchless Beauty
With the divine power of Burning God Alchemy, make your heir charismatic!
Dragonborn
With the help of the divine power of the unlocking of the dragon's spirit, your heir's physique will be greatly enhanced!
Animator of Jade
With the divine power of Dissolving Dust Crypt, make your heir sensitive!
Octobrachial Octopod
With the divine power of the Demon Wood, your heir will have a great increase in strength!
Celestial Edict
With the divine power of the Ghost God Xia, make your heir live longer!
Internal power stimulation
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their internal power qualification by 3!
Stance Activation
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their footwork talent by 3!
Stunting
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their jutsu qualification by 3!
Fist and palm stimulation
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their Fist Palm qualification by 3!
Fingerstyle stimulation
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their fingering qualifications by 3!
Legwork stimulation
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their kick talent by 3!
Concealed Weapon Activation
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their concealed weapons qualification by 3!
Inspired by Swordplay
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their swordplay qualification by 3!
Stimulation of knife skills
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their swordplay qualification by 3!
Polearm Excitation
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their Polearm talent by 3!
Qi Men Inspire
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their oddball qualification by 3!
Soft Soldier Inspired
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their soft weapon qualifications by 3!
Inspired by imperial shooting
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their imperial shooting qualification by 3!
Instrumental stimulation
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their instrument qualification by 3!
Tonal stimulation
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their tonal qualifications by 3!
Inspired by the game of chess
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their chess qualification by 3!
Inspired by poetry and books
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their poetic qualifications by 3!
Painting inspires
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their painting qualifications by 3!
Art number stimulation
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their jutsu qualifications by 3!
Tasting stimulation
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their tasting qualifications by 3!
Forging excitement
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their forging qualifications by 3!
Making wood to inspire
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their wood-making qualifications by 3!
Medical stimulation
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their medical qualifications by 3!
Toxic stimulation
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their poison qualification by 3!
Weaving to inspire
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their brocade weaving qualifications by 3!
Artisan Inspired
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their skillful craftsmanship qualification by 3!
Dao stimulation
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their Daoist qualifications by 3!
Buddhist Inspiration
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their Buddhist qualifications by 3!
Culinary Inspiration
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their culinary qualifications by 3!
Miscellaneous studies to stimulate
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their lore qualifications by 3!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their internal power qualification by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their footwork talent by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their to increase the qualification of your heir's jutsu by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their fist and palm qualifications by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their fingering qualifications by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their kick talent by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their concealed weapons qualification by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their swordplay qualification by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their swordplay qualification by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their Polearm talent by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their oddball qualification by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their soft weapon qualifications by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their imperial shooting qualification by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their instrument qualification by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their tonal qualifications by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their chess qualification by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their poetic qualifications by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their painting qualifications by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their jutsu qualifications by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their tasting qualifications by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their forging qualifications by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their wood making qualifications by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their medical qualifications by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their poison qualification by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their tapestry qualifications by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their skillful craftsmanship qualification by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their Daoist qualifications by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their Buddhist credentials by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their culinary qualifications by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their lore qualifications by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their internal power qualification by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their footwork talent by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their jutsu qualification by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their Fist Palm qualification by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their fingering qualifications by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their heir's Legacy qualification by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their concealed weapons qualification by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their swordplay qualification by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their swordplay qualification by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their Polearm talent by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their oddball qualifications by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their soft weapon qualifications by 9!
Spend a Legacy of Life to stimulate the potential of your heir to increase your heir's imperial shooting qualification by 9!
Spend a Legacy of Life to inspire your heir to increase the instrument qualification of your heir by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their tonal qualifications by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their chess qualification by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their poetic qualifications by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their painting qualifications by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their jutsu qualifications by 9!
Spend a Legacy of Life to inspire your heir to increase your heir's tasting qualifications by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their forging qualifications by 9!
Spend a Legacy of Life to inspire your heir to increase your heir's wood making qualifications by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their medical qualifications by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their poison qualification by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their tapestry weaving qualifications by 9!
Spend a Legacy of Life to inspire your heir to increase your heir's skillful craftsmanship qualifications by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their Daoist qualifications by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their Buddhist credentials by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their culinary qualifications by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their lore qualifications by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their internal power qualification by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their footwork talent by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their jutsu qualification by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their Fist Palm qualification by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their fingering qualifications by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their kick talent by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their concealed weapons qualification by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their swordplay qualification by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their swordplay qualification by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their Polearm talent by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their oddball qualifications by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their soft weapon qualifications by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their imperial shooting qualification by 12!
Spend a Legacy of Life to inspire your heir to increase the instrument qualification of your heir by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their tonal qualifications by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their chess qualification by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their poetic qualifications by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their painting qualifications by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their jutsu qualifications by 12!
Spend a Legacy of Life to inspire your heir to increase your heir's tasting qualifications by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their forging qualifications by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their wood-making qualifications by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their medical qualifications by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their poison qualification by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their brocade weaving qualifications by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their skillful craftsmanship qualifications by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their Daoist qualifications by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their Buddhist credentials by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their culinary qualifications by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their lore qualifications by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their internal power qualifications by 15!
Spend a Living Legacy to inspire your heir's potential and increase your heir's footwork talent by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their to increase the qualification of your heir's jutsu by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their fist and palm qualifications by 15!
Spend a Living Legacy to inspire your heir's potential and increase your heir's fingering qualifications by 15!
Spend a Living Legacy to inspire your heir's potential and increase your heir's kick talent by 15!
Spend a Living Legacy to inspire your heir's potential and increase your heir's concealed weapons qualification by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their swordplay qualification by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their swordplay qualification by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their Polearm talent by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their oddball qualifications by 15!
Spend a Legacy of Life to inspire your heir to increase your heir's soft weapon qualifications by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their imperial shooting qualification by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their instrument qualification by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their tonal qualifications by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their chess qualification by 15!
Spend a Living Legacy to inspire your heir's potential and increase your heir's poetic qualifications by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their painting qualifications by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their jutsu qualifications by 15!
Spend a Legacy of Life to inspire your heir to increase your heir's tasting qualifications by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their forging qualifications by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their wood-making qualifications by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their medical qualifications by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their poison qualification by 15!
Spend a Living Legacy to inspire your heir's potential and increase your heir's brocade weaving qualifications by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their skillful craftsmanship qualifications by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their Daoist qualifications by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their Buddhist credentials by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their culinary qualifications by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their lore qualifications by 15!
Internal work abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 points of inner art talent to gain more of the legacy of life!
Bodywork renunciation
Give up your heir's 3 points of footwork talent to gain more of the legacy of life!
Jedi Abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 points of stunt qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Fist and Palm Abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 points of fist and palm qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Fingerprint abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 points of fingering qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Legwork abandonment
Give up 3 points of your heir's legacy qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Concealed weapon abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 points of concealed weapon qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Swordsmanship Abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 points of swordsmanship qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Renunciation of knife techniques
Give up your heir's 3 points of swordsmanship qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Polearm Abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 points of Polearm talent to gain more of the Living Legacy!
Qi Men Abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 odd points of qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
abandonment of soft soldiers
Give up your heir's 3 points of soft soldier qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Imperial Shooting Abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 points of imperial archery qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Instrument abandonment
Give up your heirloom's 3 points of instrumental qualification to get more of the living legacy!
Sound Abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 points of music talent to get more of the legacy of life!
Game abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 gaming points of qualification and get more of the legacy of life!
poetry and books abandoned
Give up your heir's 3 points of poetic qualification and get more of the legacy of life!
Painting abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 points of painting qualification and get more of the legacy of life!
Artistic discard
Give up 3 points of your heir's jutsu qualifications to gain more of the legacy of life!
Tasting discard
Give up your heirloom's 3 tasting points qualification and get more of the legacy of life!
Forging abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 points of forging qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Making wood and abandoning the house
Give up your heir's 3 points of wood making qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Medical Abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 points of medical qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Toxic Art Abandonment
Give up 3 points of your heir's poison qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Weaving abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 points of weaving qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Artisanal Abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 points of skillful craftsmanship qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
The Way of Renunciation
Give up your heir's 3 points of Daoist qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Buddhist Renunciation
Give up your heir's 3 points of Buddhist qualification and get more of the legacy of birth!
Culinary Abandonment
Give up your heirloom's 3 points of culinary credentials to get more of the legacy of life!
abandonment of lore studies
Give up your heir's 3 points of lore qualifications to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of inner art talent to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of footwork talent to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of stunt qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of fist and palm qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of fingering qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of kick talent to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of concealed weapons qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of swordsmanship qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of swordsmanship qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of Polearm talent to gain more of the Living Legacy!
Give up your heir's 6 odd points of qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of soft soldier qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of imperial shooting qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 6 points of instrumental qualification to gain more of the living legacy!
Give up your heir's 6 points of music talent to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 6 gaming points of qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of poetic qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 6 points of painting qualification and get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of artistry qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 6 tasting points qualification and get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of forging qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of wood making qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of medical qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up 6 points of your heir's poison qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of weaving qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of skillful craftsmanship qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of Daoist qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of Buddhist qualification and get more of the legacy of birth!
Give up your heirloom's 6 points of culinary credentials to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of lore qualifications to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 9 points of inner art talent to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 9 points of footwork talent to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 9 points of stunt qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 9 points of fist and palm qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 9-point fingering qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 9 points of kick talent for more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 9 points of concealed weapon qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 9 points of swordsmanship qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 9 points of swordsmanship qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 9 points of Polearm talent to gain more of the Living Legacy!
Give up your heir's 9 odd points of qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 9 points of soft soldier qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 9 points of imperial archery qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 9 points of instrument qualification to gain more of the living legacy!
Give up your heirloom's 9 points of sonic qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 9 points of gaming credentials to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 9 points of poetic qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 9 points of painting qualification to get more of the living legacy!
Give up your heir's 9 points of artistry qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 9 tasting points of qualification and get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 9 points of forging qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 9 points of wood making qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 9 points of medical qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up 9 points of your heir's poison qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up 9 points of your heir's weaving qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 9 points of skillful craftsmanship qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 9 points of Daoist qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 9 points of Buddhist credentials to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 9 points of culinary credentials to get more of the living legacy!
Give up your heir's 9 points of lore qualifications to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of inner art talent to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of footwork talent to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of stunt qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of fist and palm qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12-point fingering qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of kick talent for more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of concealed weapon qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of swordsmanship qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of swordsmanship qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up 12 points of your heir's Polearm talent to gain more of the Living Legacy!
Give up your heir's 12 odd points of qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of soft soldier qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of imperial archery qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 12 points of instrument qualification to gain more of the living legacy!
Give up your heir's 12 points of music talent to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of gaming credentials to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 12 points of poetic qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 12 points of painting qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of artistry qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of tasting credentials to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of forging qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of wood making qualification to gain more of the living legacy!
Give up your heir's 12 points of medical qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up 12 points of your heir's poison qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up 12 points of your heir's weaving qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of skillful craftsmanship qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of Daoist qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of Buddhist credentials to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 12 points of culinary credentials to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of lore qualifications to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of inner art talent to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of footwork talent to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of jutsu qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of fist and palm qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of fingering qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up 15 points of your heir's legacy qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of concealed weapon qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of swordsmanship qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of swordsmanship qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of long-armed qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 odd points of qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of soft soldier qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of imperial archery qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of instrument qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of sonic qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of gaming credentials to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of poetic qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of painting qualification to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of artistry qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of tasting credentials to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up 15 points of your heir's forging qualifications to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of wood making qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of medical qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up 15 points of your heir's poison qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up 15 points of your heir's weaving qualifications to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of skillful craftsmanship qualifications to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of Daoist qualification to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of Buddhist credentials to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of culinary credentials to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of lore qualifications to gain more of the legacy of life!
Brawn stimulation
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their brawn capacity by 3!
Sensitive excitation
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their to increase the sensitivity of your heir by 3!
Physical stimulation
Spend a Legacy of Life to stimulate the potential of your heir to increase your heir's physical abilities by 3!
Root and bone stimulation
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their root ability by 3!
Enlightenment stimulation
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their enlightenment ability by 3!
Stamina stimulation
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their fixation ability by 3!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their brawn capacity by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their sensitivity by 6!
Spend a Legacy of Life to stimulate the potential of your heir to increase your heir's physical ability by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their root ability by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their enlightenment ability by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their fixation ability by 6!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their brawn capacity by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their sensitivity by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their physical ability by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their root capacity by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their enlightenment ability by 9!
Spend the Legacy of Life to stimulate your heir's potential to increase your heir's fixation ability by 9!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their brawn capacity by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their sensitivity by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their physical abilities by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their root ability by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their enlightenment ability by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their fixation power capacity by 12!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their brawn capacity by 15!
Spend a Legacy of Life to stimulate the potential of your heir to increase your heir's agility by 15!
Spend a Legacy of Life to stimulate the potential of your heir to increase your heir's physical abilities by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their root ability by 15!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their enlightenment ability by 15!
Spend a Legacy of Life to inspire your heir to increase your heir's fixation ability by 15!
Brawn Abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 points of brawn ability to gain more of the legacy of life!
Sensitive abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 points of sensitive ability to get more of the legacy of life!
Physical Abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 points of physical ability to gain more of the legacy of life!
Root and Bone Abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 points of root ability to gain more of the legacy of life!
Enlightened abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 points of enlightenment ability to gain more of the legacy of birth!
Determination and abandonment
Give up your heir's 3 points of fixed power ability and get more of the legacy of birth!
Give up your heir's 6 points of brawn ability to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 6 points of sensitive ability to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of physical ability to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of root ability to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 6 points of enlightenment ability to gain more of the legacy of birth!
Give up your heir's 6 points of fixed power ability and get more of the legacy of birth!
Give up your heir's 9 points of brawn ability to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 9 points of sensitive ability to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 9 points of physical ability to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 9-point root ability to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 9 points of enlightenment ability to gain more of the legacy of birth!
Give up your heirloom's 9 points of fixed power ability to gain more of the legacy of birth!
Give up your heir's 12 points of brawn ability for more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 12 points of sensitive ability to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of physical ability to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up 12 points of your heir's root ability to gain more of the Legacy of Life!
Give up your heir's 12 points of enlightenment ability to gain more of the legacy of birth!
Give up your heir's 12 points of fixed power ability and get more of the legacy of birth!
Give up your heir's 15 points of brawn ability for more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of Sensitive Ability to gain more of the Legacy of Life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of physical ability to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up 15 points of your heir's root ability to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of enlightenment ability to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heir's 15 points of fixed power ability to gain more of the legacy of life!
Glamour inspires
Spend a living legacy to make your heir glow and increase their charisma by 30!
Lifetime excitation
Spend your life's legacy to extend the life of your heirs by 3 years!
Spend the Legacy of Life to make your heir glow and increase their charisma by 60!
Spend your life's legacy to extend the life of your heirs by 6 years!
Spend the legacy of your life to make your heir glow and increase your charisma by 90!
Spend your life's legacy to extend the life of your heirs by 9 years!
Spend the legacy of life to make your heir glow and increase your charisma by 120!
Spend your life's legacy to extend the life of your heirs by 12 years!
Spend the legacy of life to make your heir glow and increase charisma by 150!
Spend your life's legacy to extend the life of your heirs by 15 years!
Spend a living legacy to make your heir glow and increase charisma by 200!
Spend your life's legacy to extend the life of your heirs by 20 years!
Spend your life's legacy to make your heir face new and increase your charm by 250!
Spend your life's legacy to extend the life of your heirs by 25 years!
Spend the legacy of your life to make your heir face new and increase your charisma by 300!
Spend your life's legacy to extend the life of your heirs by 30 years!
Charming abandonment
Give up your heir's 30 points of charisma to get more of the legacy of life!
Lifespan Abandonment
Give up 3 years of your heir's life to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 60 points of charisma to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up 6 years of your heir's life to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 90 points of charisma and get more of the legacy of life!
Give up 9 years of your heir's life to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up 120 points of charisma for your heirloom and get more of the legacy of life!
Give up 12 years of your heir's life to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up your heirloom's 150 points of charisma to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up 15 years of your heir's life to get more of the legacy of life!
Give up 200 points of charisma for your heirloom and get more of the legacy of life!
Give up 20 years of your heir's life to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up 250 points of charisma of your heirloom and get more of the legacy of life!
Give up 25 years of your heir's life to gain more of the legacy of life!
Give up 300 points of charisma for your heirloom and get more of the legacy of life!
Give up 30 years of your heir's life to gain more of the legacy of life!
Passing on the power and casting the qi
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their maximum internal strength by 60!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their maximum internal strength by 120!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their to increase the maximum internal power of your heir by 180!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their maximum internal power by 240!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their maximum internal power by 300!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their to increase the maximum internal power of your heir by 360!
Spend the Legacy of Life to stimulate your heir's potential to increase your heir's maximum internal power by 420!
Spend Legacy Points to stimulate your heir's potential and increase their to increase the maximum internal power of your heir by 480!
Robust as a beast
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "Bull and Tiger" feature!
Mountainous Strength
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "mountain-breaking" feature!
Weak and Feeble
What a blessing it is to lose a horse! Make your heirs acquire the "weakness" characteristic, and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Extremely Feeble
How do you know what you're doing? Make your heirs acquire the "powerless chicken" characteristic, and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Feeble as an Ant
How do you know what you're doing? Give your heirs the "strength of an ant" characteristic and more of the legacy of your life!
Physically Healthy
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "strong and healthy" characteristic!
Vigorous as a Horse
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "Dragon God and Horse Strength" feature!
Godlike Constitution
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "Celestial Bone and Blood" characteristic!
Thin as a willow
How do you know that you have lost a horse? Make your heirs acquire the "body like a thin willow" characteristic, and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Extremely Frail
How do you know what you're getting into when you lose a horse? Give your heirs the "weak" characteristic and more of the legacy of your life!
Fated Early Death
How do you know that you are not blessed when you lose a horse? Make your heirs acquire the "weak and early death" characteristic, and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Excellent Senses of Hearing and Sight
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "hearing and seeing" characteristic!
As Swiftness as Running Water
Spend your life's legacy so that your heirs can acquire the characteristic of "cutting like a stream"!
Traceless
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "change without trace" feature!
Awkward Limbs
How do you know that you've lost a horse? Give your heir the "brute hand and brute foot" trait, and gain more of the legacy of your life!
Clumsy and Inarticular
How can you know when you have lost a horse? Make your heirs acquire the characteristic of "clumsy hand and ramming mouth" and gain more legacy of life!
Dull as a Doll
How do you know that you have lost a horse? Make your heirs acquire the characteristic of "blunt like a clay puppet" and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Miraculous Skeletal Structure
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "skeleton" characteristic!
Spiritual Pure Essence
Spend your life's legacy to make your heirs acquire the characteristics of "Form and Spirit"!
Immortal Vitality
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "Immortal Bone" feature!
Qi fails to enter the Marrow
How do you know that you have lost a horse? Make your heirs acquire the characteristic of "Qi does not enter the bone", and at the same time acquire more legacy of life!
Obstruction of Seven Orifices
How do you know that you have lost a horse? Make your heirs obtain the "seven obscure characteristics", and at the same time obtain more legacy of life!
Qi Turbid as a Dog
How do you know that you are not blessed? Make your heirs acquire the characteristics of "dusty dogs" and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Shrewd
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "quick thinking" trait!
Sagacious
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "Spiritual Heart and Wisdom" trait!
Unrivalled Wisdom
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "Wisdom of the World" feature!
Silliy Mind
How do you know you've lost a horse? Give your heirs the "silly head" trait and more of the legacy of your life!
Idiotic as a chicken
How do you know what you're getting? Give your heir the "dumb as a rock" trait and gain more of the legacy of your life!
Stupid as a Pig
What's the difference between a horse and a man? Give your heir the "dumb as a pig" trait and more of the legacy of your life!
Indomitable Will
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the characteristic of "fortitude and patience"!
Serene Mind
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "clear mind" characteristic!
Exquisite Jade of Autumn Frost
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "Kun Yu Qiu Frost" characteristic!
Loose-minded
How do you know that you've lost a horse? Make your heirs acquire the "ape" trait, and at the same time gain more of the legacy of life!
Irresolute
How do you know when you lose a horse? Make your heirs acquire the characteristic of "indecisiveness" and at the same time acquire more of the legacy of life!
Destined Loneliness
How do you know that you've lost a horse? Give your heir the "Seven Deadly Peach Blossoms" feature and more of the legacy of your life!
Talented
Spend your life's legacy so that your descendants can acquire the characteristics of "good talent and beautiful jade"!
Extraordinary Genius
Spend your life's legacy to make your heirs acquire the "unparalleled talent" trait!
Harmony of Original Qi
Spend your life's legacy to enable your heir to acquire the "Heavenly Energy" characteristic!
Impure Root
How do you know that you are not blessed when you lose a horse? Make your heirs acquire the characteristics of "mustard root" and at the same time acquire more of the legacy of life!
Misshapen limbs
What a blessing it is to lose a horse! Make your heirs acquire the "four body aberrations" characteristic and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Collapsing Internal Universe
How do you know that you've lost a horse? Make your heirs acquire the "Heavenly Disability" characteristic, and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Understanding
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "understanding" trait!
Considerate from Every Aspect
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "Eight Faces" trait!
Transcendental
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs "extraordinary" characteristics!
Fickle and Inconstant
How do you know what you're getting into when you lose a horse? Give your heir the "unpredictable" trait and gain more of the legacy of his life!
Sarcastic and Annoying
How do you know when you've lost a horse? Make your heirs acquire "caustic" traits while gaining more of the legacy of your life!
Arrogant and Cruel
What a blessing it is to lose a horse! Give your heir the "arrogant and perverse" trait, and at the same time gain more of the legacy of your life!
Illuminated by Lucky Star
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "Blessed Star" characteristic!
Blessed Divination
Spend your life's legacy to make your heirs acquire the "Rokuhma hometown" characteristic!
Heavenly Bestowed Fortune
Spend your life's legacy so that your heirs can acquire the characteristics of "heavenly bliss"!
Jinx
How do you know that you have lost a horse? Give your heirs the characteristic of "broken luck" and more legacy of life!
Cursed Divination
How do you know that you are lucky to lose a horse? Give your heirs the "back-luck-and-horse" feature and more of the legacy of your life!
Disastrous Destiny
How do you know what you've lost? Make your heirs acquire the "Deathly Hallows" trait, and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Tough Bones and Skin
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "hard skin and bone" characteristic!
Bones and Tendons like Steel
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "steel and iron" characteristic!
Unbreakable
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "invulnerable" characteristic!
Lustreless Face
How do you know that you have lost a horse? Make your heirs acquire the characteristic of "no color" and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Refractory Wound
What a blessing it is to lose a horse! Make your heirs acquire the "long lasting wound" characteristic and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Tenuous Hold on Life
What a blessing it is to lose a horse! Make your heir acquire the "soft body" characteristic, and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Harmony of Six Meridians
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "Six Chakra Harmony" characteristic!
Everlasting Circulation of Qi
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "endlessness" feature!
Unity of the Individual and Universe
Spend your life's legacy so that your heirs can acquire the "celestial" characteristics!
Blockage of Meridians
How can you know if you have lost a horse? Give your heirs the "meridian blocking" feature and more of the legacy of your life!
Yin Deficiency and Qi Shortage
How do you know that you are not blessed when you lose a horse? Make your heirs acquire the "Yin deficiency and shortage of breath" characteristic, and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Dead Pulse
What a blessing! Give your heir the "Dead Pulse Body" trait and more of your life's legacy!
Lustrous Complexion
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "glowing" characteristic!
Lively as a Tiger
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "Living Tiger" characteristic!
Immune to Diseases
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the characteristic of "invulnerability to all diseases"!
Sickly
What a blessing it is to lose a horse! Make your heirs acquire the "weakness" characteristic, and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Seven Injuries of Entrails
How do you know that you are not blessed when you lose a horse? Make your heirs acquire the "five labors and seven wounds" characteristic, and at the same time acquire more legacy of life!
Haunted by Hundreds of Diseases
What is the blessing of a lost horse? Make your heirs acquire the "all-disease" characteristic, and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Self-possessed
Spend your life's legacy so that your heirs can acquire the characteristic of "self-restraint and prudence"!
Calm and Decisive
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the characteristic of "calmness and determination"!
Stable as a Huge Rock
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs "rock-solid" characteristics!
Impulsive and Emotional
How do you know when you lose a horse? Make your heirs acquire the characteristic of "spontaneity" and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Rampageous
How do you know what you're getting into when you lose a horse? Give your heir the "rampage" feature and more of the legacy of your life!
Presumptuous
How do you know that you are not blessed when you lose your horse? Let your heirs acquire the characteristic of "wanton forgetfulness" and at the same time acquire more of the legacy of life!
Confluence of Triple Sources
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "triple convergence" characteristic!
Congenital Abundance of Qi
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "innate gas" characteristic!
Shone by Marvellous Light
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "Clothed in Light" feature!
Disharmony of Fire and Water
How do you know that you've lost a horse? Give your heirs the "fire and water" characteristic and more of the legacy of your life!
Mutual Restraint of Five Qi
How do you know that you have lost a horse? Make your heirs acquire the "five qi" characteristics and gain more legacy of life!
Crumbling Source
How do you know it's a blessing when you lose a horse? Make your heir gain the "true essence collapse" characteristic, and gain more legacy of life!
Peaceful Mind
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "free spirit" characteristic!
Unity of Qi and Mind
Spend your life's legacy to make your heirs acquire the "Godly Fusion" characteristic!
Unobstructive Eight Meridians
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "Eight Veins of Heaven" feature!
Irritable
How do you know when you lose a horse? Make your heirs acquire the characteristic of "impatience" and at the same time acquire more of the legacy of life!
Anxiety Causing Qi Stagnation
What a blessing it is to lose a horse! Make your heirs acquire the characteristic of "melancholy and depression", and at the same time acquire more of the legacy of life!
Sanjiao Converse
How do you know that you have lost a horse? Make your heir acquire the "three jiao rebellious" characteristics and gain more legacy of life!
Calm and Silent
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "silent" characteristic!
Unaffected by Dilemma
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "unpredictable" characteristic!
Carefree and Graceful
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "free" characteristic!
Stressed
How do you know what you are doing? Give your heirs the "nervousness" trait and more of the legacy of your life!
Indiscreet
How do you know that you've lost a horse? Make your heirs acquire the characteristic of "presumptuousness" and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Hyperactive
How do you know that you've lost a horse? Make your heirs get the "Jataka" feature, and at the same time get more legacy of life!
Meticulous
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "thoughtfulness" trait!
Insightful
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "insightful" characteristic!
Piecing Eyes
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "FireEye" feature!
Hesitant
How do you know that you are not blessed when you lose a horse? Give your heirs the characteristic of "hesitancy and indecision" and at the same time gain more of the legacy of your life!
Paranoid
How do you know that you've lost a horse? Give your heir the "one step, one ghost" feature and more of your life's legacy!
Upside Down Dressed
How do you know that you have lost a horse? Make your heirs acquire the "upside-down garment" characteristic, and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Faster than the eyes can track
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "quick eye" feature!
Whisper from Wind
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "Hear the wind and know the place" feature!
Elusive as Shadow
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "shadow hiding" feature!
Slow Reaction Time
What's the difference? Give your heir the "unresponsiveness" trait, and gain more of the legacy of your life!
Confuses Left with Right
How do you know that you are not blessed when you lose a horse? Give your heirs the "left and right" characteristic and more of the legacy of your life!
Discord of Mind and Body
How do you know that you are not blessed when you lose a horse? Make your heirs acquire the characteristics of "physical and mental inconsistency", and at the same time acquire more of the legacy of life!
Adventurous
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "guts over body" trait!
Dauntless
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "Fearless" trait!
Risking Life Unhesitatingly
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "life and death" trait!
Weak-willed
How do you know that you are not blessed when you lose a horse? Make your heirs acquire the "weakness of nature" characteristic, and at the same time acquire more of the legacy of life!
Discouraged and Depressed
How do you know that you've lost a horse? Make your heirs acquire the "sluggishness" characteristic, and at the same time acquire more of the legacy of life!
Cowardly as a Rat
What's the difference between a horse and a man? Give your heir the "cowardly" trait and more of the legacy of your life!
Man of Means
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "adaptability" trait!
Observing before Acting
Spend your life's legacy so that your heirs can acquire the characteristic of "calmness and change"!
Master of Strategy
Spend your life's legacy so that your heirs can acquire the characteristics of the "Ultimate Essentials"!
Frank but Dull
How do you know that you are not blessed when you lose a horse? Make your heirs acquire the characteristics of "Mnemosyne" and at the same time gain more of the legacy of your life!
Incautious and Impetuous
How do you know what you're doing? Give your heirs the "recklessness" trait and more of the legacy of your life!
Reckless as a Tiger
How do you know that you've lost a horse? Give your heir the "Fenghe Tyrant Tiger" feature and more of the legacy of your life!
Move as a Running Rabit
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "move like a rabbit" feature!
Move in a Flash
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "Lightning" feature!
Swiftness as Immortals
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "Runaway" feature!
Indolent
What a blessing it is to lose a horse! Make your heirs acquire the "lazy and sluggish" characteristic, and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Extremely Indolent
What a blessing it is to lose a horse! Make your heirs acquire the characteristic of "laziness and conformity" and at the same time acquire more of the legacy of life!
Completely Indolent
How do you know that you have lost a horse? Give your heir the "heavy body" characteristic and more legacy of life!
Filled with Murderous Qi
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "killing spirit" trait!
Merciless
Spend your life's legacy so that your heirs can acquire the characteristic of "compassionlessness"!
Fierce as a Rakshasa
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "Evil Ghost Rakshasa" trait!
Tenderhearted
How do you know that you are not blessed when you lose a horse? Make your heirs acquire the "soft heart and soft face" characteristic, and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Merciful to Enemies
How do you know that a lost horse is not a blessing? Make your heirs acquire the characteristics of "Song Xiang's benevolence", and at the same time gain more of the legacy of your life!
Sympethetic to Flowers
How do you know that you are not blessed when you lose a horse? Make your heirs acquire the characteristic of "compassion for flowers and grasses", and at the same time acquire more legacy of life!
Might Pulse
Spend your life's legacy so that your heirs can acquire the "pulse solidity" characteristic!
Profusion of Qihai
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "Sea of Qi Filling" characteristic!
Pure Genuine Qi
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "Pure Qi" characteristic!
Floating Pulse
How do you know that you are not blessed when you lose a horse? Make your heirs acquire the "pulse of the floating" characteristic, and at the same time acquire more of the legacy of life!
Void of Qihao
How do you know that you have lost a horse? Give your heir the "Sea of Qi" trait and more of the legacy of your life!
Impure Genuine Qi
How do you know that you have lost a horse? Make your heir acquire the "true qi barge" characteristic, and gain more legacy of your life!
Complete Five Elements
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "All Five Elements" trait!
Supreme Harmony of Qi
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "Taihe Aura" characteristic!
Unity of Nadis
Spend your life's legacy to enable your heir to obtain the "mixed elemental magic" feature!
Disorder of Spirit
How do you know that you have lost a horse? Make your heirs acquire the "mind diffusion" characteristic, and at the same time acquire more legacy of life!
Obstruction of Life Gate
How do you know that you have lost a horse? Make your heirs acquire the "unopened" characteristic and gain more legacy of life!
Iron Embryo
How do you know that you have lost a horse? Give your heir the "Iron Tire" characteristic and more of your life's legacy!
Flying Pace
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "Fit as a fiddle" feature!
Mighty Stride
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "high view" feature!
Leap as a Dragon
Spend your life's legacy to make your heir acquire the "Dragon" characteristic!
Tottering
How do you know what you're getting? Give your heirs the "stumbling" characteristic and more of the legacy of your life!
Teetering
How do you know what you're getting? Make your heirs acquire the "East is West" characteristic, and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Slow as a Snail
How do you know that you've lost a horse? Give your heir the "snail's pace" feature and gain more of the legacy of your life!
Distinctive Constitution
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "physiognomy" trait!
Jade Bone and Clear Heart
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "Ice Heart and Jade Bone" feature!
Immune to Toxins
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "invulnerability" feature!
Invaded by Evil Qi
How do you know that you have lost a horse? Make your heir gain the "evil quality into the body" characteristic, and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Chaos of Qi and Blood
How do you know that you have lost a horse? Give your heir the "Laxity of Blood" characteristic and more of the legacy of your life!
Congenital Diseases
How do you know that you've lost a horse? Give your heir the "congenital disease" trait and more of your life's legacy!
Long-limbed
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the "long hands and long feet" trait!
Very Long-limbed
Spend your life's legacy to make your heirs acquire the "pavilion" characteristic!
Extremely Long-limbed
Spend your life's legacy to give your heir the "bee-waisted ape-back" characteristic!
Top-heavy
How do you know when you've lost a horse? Make your heirs acquire the "top-heavy" characteristic, and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
Odd-looking
What's the difference between a lost horse and a lost cause? Give your heir the "odd-looking" trait, and get more of the legacy of your life!
Deformed
What a blessing it is to lose a horse! Give your heirs the "weird alien" trait and more of the legacy of your life!
Faithful
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs a "unique" characteristic!
Extremely Faithful
Spend your life's legacy so that your heirs can acquire the characteristic of "one for all"!
Completely Faithful
Spend your life's legacy to give your heirs the characteristic of "fidelity"!
Faithless
How do you know when you have lost a horse? Make your heirs acquire the characteristic of "three hearts and two minds" and at the same time acquire more of the legacy of life!
Extremely Faithless
How do you know what you're doing? Make your heirs acquire the characteristic of "seeing things differently" and at the same time acquire more of the legacy of your life!
Completely Faithless
How do you know that you've lost a horse? Make your heirs acquire the characteristic of "the three and the four", and at the same time gain more legacy of life!
upright and plainspoken
Spend the legacy of life to change the position of your heir to rigidity!
kindness and goodwill
Spend your life's legacy to change the position of your heirs to benevolence!
The Middle Way
Spend the legacy of life to change the position of your heirs to the middle!
rebel against the orthodoxy
Spend the legacy of life to change the position of your heir to rebellion!
The Only One
Spend the legacy of your life so that the position of your heir will change to me alone!
Vajra Voodoo Demon
Spend your life's legacy to make your heir's internal power change into Vajra internal power!
Purple Air
Spend your life's legacy to make your heir's internal power change into purple haze internal power!
Xuan Yin Ice Cold
Spend your life's legacy to make your heir's internal force change to Xuan Yin internal force!
pure sun and blazing fire
Spend your life's legacy to make your heir's internal force change into pure Yang internal force!
Returning to Yuan and transforming into implication
Spend your life's legacy to make your heir's internal force change into Returning Internal Force!
Celestial Harmony
Spend your life's legacy to make your heir's internal power change into mixed internal power!
Gyeonggi Wizards
Spend the legacy of his life so that the capital region subsequently emerged several wizards one after another!
Marsh Wizard
Spend the legacy of his life so that several wizards subsequently emerged in succession in the Pashu region!
Guangnan Wizards
Spend the legacy of life so that several wizards subsequently emerged in the Guangnan area one after another!
Jingbei Wizards
Spend the legacy of life, so that the Jingbei area subsequently appeared in succession several wizards!
Shanxi Wizards
Spend the legacy of life to make the Shanxi region subsequently emerge several wizards one after another!
Guangdong Wizards
Spending the legacy of life to make the Guangdong region subsequently emerge several wizards one after another!
Shandong Wizards
Spend the legacy of life so that several wizards subsequently emerged in the Shandong region one after another!
Jingnan Wizards
Spend the legacy of life, so that the Jingnan area subsequently appeared in succession several wizards!
Fujian Wizards
Spend the legacy of life to make several wizards subsequently appear in Fujian area one after another!
Liaodong Wizards
Spend the legacy of his life to make several wizards subsequently appear in Liaodong area one after another!
Western Wizards
Spend the legacy of life, so that the Western region subsequently appeared in succession several wizards!
Yunnan Wizards
Spending the legacy of his life so that several wizards subsequently emerged one after another in the Yunnan region!
Huainan Wizards
Spend the legacy of life to make the Huainan area subsequently emerge several wizards one after another!
Jiangnan Wizards
Spend the legacy of life, so that the Jiangnan region subsequently appeared in succession several wizards!
Jiangbei Wizards
Spend the legacy of life to make the Jiangbei region subsequently emerge several wizards one after another!
Gyeonggi Eun-yi
Spending the legacy of life immediately increases the regional beneficence of the Gyeonggi region by 30%!
Paschal Benefit
Spend the legacy of life and immediately increase the regional beneficence of the Basho region by 30%!
Guangnan Enyi
Spending the legacy of birthright immediately increases the regional beneficence of the Guangnan region by 30%!
Jingbei Enyi
Spend the legacy of life to immediately increase the regional beneficence of Jingbei by 30%!
Shanxi Enyi
Spend the legacy of life to immediately increase the regional beneficence of the Shanxi region by 30%!
Guangdong Enyi
Spend the legacy of life to immediately increase the regional beneficence of the Guangdong region by 30%!
Shandong Enyi
Spend the legacy of life and immediately increase the regional beneficence of the Shandong region by 30%!
Jingnan Enyi
Spend the legacy of life to immediately increase the regional beneficence of Jingnan by 30%!
Fujian Enyi
Spend the legacy of life and immediately increase the regional beneficence of the Fujian region by 30%!
Liaodong Grace
Spend the legacy of life and immediately increase the regional beneficence of Liaodong by 30%!
Western Grace
Spend the legacy of life to immediately increase the regional beneficence of the Western Region by 30%!
Yunnan Enyi
Spend the legacy of life to immediately increase the regional beneficence of the Yunnan region by 30%!
Huainan Enyi
Spend the legacy of life to immediately increase the regional beneficence of the Huainan region by 30%!
Gangnam Eungyi
Spending the legacy of life and death immediately increases the regional beneficence of the Jiangnan region by 30%!
Jiangbei Enyi
Spend the legacy of life and immediately increase the regional beneficence of the Jiangbei region by 30%!
Spending the legacy of life immediately increases the regional beneficence of the Gyeonggi region by 60%!
Spending a lifetime of legacy benefits immediately increases the regional beneficence of the Basho region by 60%!
Spending the legacy of life and death immediately increases the regional beneficence of the Guangnan region by 60%!
Spend the legacy of life and immediately increase the regional beneficence of Jingbei region by 60%!
Spend the legacy of life and immediately increase the regional beneficence of the Shanxi region by 60%!
Spend the legacy of life and immediately increase the regional beneficence of the Guangdong region by 60%!
Spend the legacy of life and immediately increase the regional beneficence of the Shandong region by 60%!
Spending the legacy of life immediately increases the regional beneficence of Jingnan by 60%!
Spend the legacy of life and immediately increase the regional beneficence of the Fujian region by 60%!
Spending the legacy of life and death immediately increases the regional beneficence of Liaodong by 60%!
Spending the legacy of life immediately increases the regional beneficence of the Western Region by 60%!
Spend the legacy of life to immediately increase the regional beneficence of the Yunnan region by 60%!
Spend the legacy of life and immediately increase the regional beneficence of the Huainan region by 60%!
Spending a lifetime of legacy benefits immediately increases the regional beneficence of the Jiangnan region by 60%!
Spending the legacy of life and death immediately increases the regional beneficence of the north of the river by 60%!
Spending the legacy of life and death immediately increases the regional beneficence of the Gyeonggi region by 90%!
Spending a lifetime of legacy benefits immediately increases the regional beneficence of the Basho region by 90%!
Spending the legacy of life and death immediately increases the regional beneficence of the Guangnan region by 90%!
Spending the legacy of life immediately increases the regional beneficence of the Jingbei region by 90%!
Spend the legacy of life and immediately increase the regional beneficence of the Shanxi region by 90%!
Spend the legacy of life and immediately increase the regional beneficence of the Guangdong region by 90%!
Spending the legacy of life and death immediately increases the regional beneficence of the Shandong region by 90%!
Spending a lifetime of legacy benefits immediately increases the regional beneficence of the Jingnan region by 90%!
Spending the legacy of life and death immediately increases the regional beneficence of the Fujian region by 90%!
Spending the legacy of life and death immediately increases the regional beneficence of Liaodong by 90%!
Spending a lifetime of legacy benefits immediately increases the regional beneficence of the Western Region by 90%!
Spend the legacy of life and immediately increase the regional beneficence of the Yunnan region by 90%!
Spending a lifetime of legacy benefits immediately increases the regional beneficence of the Huainan region by 90%!
Spending a lifetime of legacy benefits immediately increases the regional beneficence of the Jiangnan region by 90%!
Spending the legacy of life immediately increases the regional beneficence of the north of the river by 90%!
Shaolin Order
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits, and immediately get some of the lower-ranked disciples of Shaolin sect sect support!
Emei Order
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits, immediately obtain the sect support of some of the lower-ranked disciples of the Emei School!
The Hundred Flowers Order
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some of the lower-ranked disciples of the Hundred Flowers Valley!
Wudang Order
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some of the lower-ranked disciples of the Wudang school!
Wonsan Order
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some of the lower-ranked disciples of the Yuanshan School!
The Lion Phase Order
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some of the lower-ranked disciples of the Lion Phase Gate!
Ranzan Order
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some of the lower-ranked disciples of the Ransan sect!
The Order of Xuan Maiden
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits, and immediately get some of the lower-ranked disciples of the Xuan Nui sect sect support!
Sword Casting Order
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some of the lower-ranked disciples of Casting Sword Villa!
Airsan Order
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits, and immediately obtain the sect support of some of the lower-ranked disciples of the Kongsang School!
Vajra Order
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits, immediately obtain the sect support of some of the lower-ranked disciples of the Infinite Vajra Sect!
The Five Immortals' Order
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some of the lower-ranked disciples of the Five Immortals!
Boundary Green Order
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits, immediately obtain the sect support of some of the lower-ranked disciples of the Boundary Green Gate!
Voltron Order
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some of the lower-ranked disciples of the Volcano Altar!
Bloodhound Order
Spend a life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some of the lower-ranked disciples of the Blood Hollow Sect!
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the Shaolin sect part of the middle-ranking disciples of the sect support!
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the Emei sect part of the middle-ranking disciples of the sect support!
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits, and immediately obtain the sect support of some of the middle-ranking disciples of the Hundred Flowers Valley!
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some middle-ranking disciples of the Wudang school!
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some middle-ranking disciples of the Yuanshan School!
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some of the middle-ranking disciples of the Lion Phase Gate!
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some of the middle-ranking disciples of Ransan sect!
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits, immediately obtain Xuan female sect part of the middle-ranking disciples of the sect support!
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some middle-ranking disciples of Casting Sword Villa!
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits, and immediately obtain the sect support of some of the middle-ranking disciples of the Kongsang School!
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some middle-ranking disciples of the Infinite Vajra Sect!
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some middle-ranking disciples of the Five Immortals!
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits, immediately obtain the sect support of some of the middle-ranking disciples of the Boundary Green Gate!
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits, immediately obtain the sect support of some of the middle-ranking disciples of the volcano altar!
Spend a life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some of the middle-ranking disciples of the Blood Hollow Sect!
Spend the legacy of life to immediately obtain the sect support of some of the high-ranking figures of the Shaolin sect!
Spend the legacy of life and get immediate sect support from some of the high ranking figures in the Emei sect!
Spend a living legacy to immediately gain the sect support of some of the high-ranking figures in the Hundred Flowers Valley!
Spend the legacy of life and immediately obtain the sect support of some high-ranking figures of Wudang Sect!
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits to immediately gain sect support from some of the high-ranking figures in the Yuanshan School!
Spend the legacy of life to immediately obtain the sect support of some high-ranking figures of the Lion Phase Sect!
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some of the high ranking figures of Ransan sect!
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits to immediately obtain the sect support of some of the high ranking figures of the Xuan Nui sect!
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits to immediately gain sect support from some of the higher ranking figures at Casting Mountain!
Spend the life legacy benefit and immediately get the sect support from some of the high ranking figures of the Kongsang sect!
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some high-ranking figures of the Infinite Vajra Sect!
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits to immediately obtain the sect support of some of the high-ranking figures of the Five Immortals!
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some of the high-ranking figures of the Boundary Green Gate!
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately obtain the sect support of some high-ranking figures of the Volcano Altar!
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits to immediately obtain the sect support of some of the high-ranking figures of the Blood Hollow Sect!
Weed pile found
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits and immediately find a weed pile in the village of Taiwu!
Discover the rock pile
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits and immediately found a pile of rocks in the village of Taiwu!
Discover the ruins
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits and immediately found a ruin in the village of Taiwu!
Discover the waters
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits and immediately find a water in the village of Taiwu!
Discover Stone Mountain
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits, immediately found a stone mountain in the village of Taiwu!
Discover the woods
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits and immediately found a woods in the village of Taiwu!
Discover the Lone Peak
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits, immediately found a lonely peak in the village of Taiwu!
Discovering Herbs
Spend a life legacy benefit, immediately found a herb in the village of Taiwu!
Discovery of poisonous swamp
Spend a life legacy benefit, immediately found a poisonous swamp in the village of Taiwu!
Discover the Valley of Flowers
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits, immediately found a flower valley in the village of Taiwu!
Discovering Gems
Spend a life legacy benefit and immediately find a gem in the village of Taiwu!
Discover Warfield
Spend the life legacy benefit and immediately find a fertile field in the village of Taiwu!
Discover the herd
Spend a life legacy benefit and immediately find a beast in the village of Taiwu!
Discover the fire pit
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits and immediately found a fire pond in the village of Taiwu!
Discovery of a meteorite crater
Spend a life legacy benefit, immediately found a meteorite iron crater in the village of Taiwu!
Discover the dense forest
Spend a life legacy benefit, immediately found a dense forest in the village of Taiwu!
Discovering Tai Shi Lin
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately found a Tai Shi forest in the village of Taiwu!
Discover Changchunjian
Spend a lifetime of legacy benefits, immediately found a Changchun stream in the village of Taiwu!
Discovering the Cave of the Gentoo
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately found a Xuan snake cave in the village of Taiwu!
Discover Chikangwon
Spending a lifetime of legacy benefits, immediately found a strange fragrance original in the village of Taiwu!
Discovering feng shui dragon points
Spending a lifetime of legacy benefits, immediately found a feng shui dragon point in the village of Taiwu!
Discovering Spiritual Veins
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately found a spiritual vein in the village of Taiwu!
Discovery of basalt ice
Spend the life legacy benefit, immediately found a place in the village of Taiwu Xuan ice!
