Five Songs by Cai Yong
The Cai's five' by the Eastern Han Dynasty Cai Yong, a total of five songs: the mountain of the East Qu, there are often immortals swim, so the 'spring'; South Qu has a stream, winter and summer often strain, so the 'strain of water'; in the song is the old residence of Mr. Guigu, deep and quiet, so the 'quiet residence'; North Qu high rock, the apes and birds set, feeling things sad sitting, so the 'sitting sorrow'; West Qu irrigate the autumn, so the 'autumn thoughts'.
Music Theory
The Treatise on Music was written by Xunzi in the Warring States to refute Mozi's 'Non-Music'. Although this treatise is not a score, it discusses in detail the influence of music on the human heart, arguing that 'music in peace is the people's harmony and not flow, music in solemnity is the people's Qi and not chaos, music in demonism is the people's evil and heart lust ......'
Eighteen Songs of a Nomad Flute
'In my dream, I have greeted Cai Wenji, and I have passed on my clothes at midnight, so don't play the swan to the poet, so that I won't bother waving tears at you'. Eighteen beats of Hu Jia is the end of the Han Dynasty Cai Wenji, because the sound of the zither fusion of the mournful sound of Hu Jia, and a total of eighteen chapters, a chapter for a beat, so the name 'Hu Jia eighteen beats'.
The Stories of Lute
The 'Miscellaneous Records of the Music House' was written by Duan Anjie in the Tang Dynasty. It contains detailed records of the music system of the Tang dynasty, songs and dances, musical instruments and songs, anecdotes and the origin of words and tunes, etc., and is more detailed than the 'Records of the Church Workshop' of the Tang dynasty.
Stone Hill Tune·Orchid
'The ancient music in the zither is a quiet orchid. I would like to have my body and mind in peace, but I can't play it as well as listening to others'. It is said that Confucius wrote this piece when he was traveling around the world and saw the lush orchids and weeds in the valley.
Ode on Guangling
The song 'Guangling San', also known as 'Nie Zheng Stabbing King Han', tells the story of Nie Zheng, a warrior of the Warring States, who avenges his father's death. According to legend, this song was given to JI Kang by an old man when he was playing in Luo Xi. Later, Jikang was killed because of slander, and before his execution, he asked for his zither to play it, and after the song, he said with a long sigh, 'The song 'Guangling San' is now extinct!
The Gossamer Song
'There are thousands of songs and dances, but the neon dance is my favorite. The 'Neishang Songbook', also known as 'Neishang Yuyi Song', was written by Emperor Xuanzong of Tang Dynasty who longed for the fairies and imagined seeing them. This songbook is a great achievement of Tang song and dance, when playing, the sound floats with the wind, or condensed or scattered; like a fairy in the mortal world, floating with the momentum of flying cranes.
The Dunhuang Song
The 'Dunhuang Songbook' is hidden in the Mogao Caves in Dunhuang, where only ancient copies have been handed down to the world. The score is divided into twenty-five sections, and is known as the 'Heavenly Book of Music' because it is written in an ancient and difficult way that few people can understand.
Zitherpedia
The 'Qin Cao' was written by Cai Yong in the Eastern Han Dynasty, and is a valuable collection of many qin songs, song quotes, musical legends, and lyrics. There are five poems, nine quotations, twelve exercises and more than twenty miscellaneous songs from the river.
Ten Techs of Go Chess
The Ten Rules of Weiqi is written by Wang Jixie, a great player of Tang Dynasty. Although it is only 40 words, it tells all the principles of Weiqi. The ten rules are: Do not be greedy for victory, enter the boundary slowly, attack the other side and take care of me, give up the pieces and compete for the first place, give up the small and take the big, give up in case of danger, be careful not to move lightly and quickly, move accordingly, protect yourself if you are strong, and take peace if you are lonely.
Thirteen Chapters about Go Chess
The book 'Thirteen Essays on Chess' was written by Zhang Bei, a chess player in the Song Dynasty. In the book, there are not only many subtle discussions such as 'There are moves that do not go, and those that do not go down', 'There are first and last, and there are last and first', 'There are those who start with less and end with more, and those who start near and end with far', but also 'Everyone can recite the 13 pieces'. It is also known as 'everyone can recite the 13 Psalms'.
The Dunhuang Chess Manual
The Dunhuang Chess Sutra, formerly known as the Chess Sutra, is hidden in the Mogao Caves in Dunhuang and was written by a Northern Zhou chess master. This book is divided into four parts, with four different sections, and has a chess chart with thirteen Han diagrams and twenty-four Wu diagrams. The text is simple and difficult to understand, and the theory of chess is mysterious and unique.
A Blind Chess Play at Night
The so-called 'old woman spectrum', is said to be the Tang Dynasty, the great national player Wang Jixie a time to stay in an old woman's home, listen to the old woman and her daughter-in-law in the night verbal game, not only brilliant moves, and unique intention, so secretly into the score, passed on to the 'old woman spectrum'.
The Essence of Go Chess
The book is the first of three treatises in the 'Five Assignments and Three Discourses' of Go. This book corroborates the rise and fall of various dynasties and generations with the theory of Go, and believes that Go contains the theory of governance and the function of cultivating the body and nourishing the mind. Once this book was published, Go flourished and Bodao declined, which can be regarded as a divine stroke for the rise of Go.
The Forgetting Sorrow Chess Book
'Forgetting sorrow and happiness is in the chess game'. This book is divided into four parts, which was written by Li Yimin, a chess player in the Song Dynasty. This book is a collection of the essence of many chess manuals and scriptures; it also contains more than fifty diagrams of famous chess players; it has records of all the moves and positions of the edges and corners, which is a masterpiece of the Weiqi canon.
A Chess Play over Decades
There is a saying: 'Lizao tries to specialize in sitting, idle desire rotten ke'. Legend has it that there was a man named Wang Qi in the Jin Dynasty who went into the mountains to cut firewood and saw some children playing chess, so he went up to watch them.
Eighteen Metamorphoses of Golden Roc
The book '18 Variations of Golden Pang' was written by an ancient unknown chess master. It is a book of infinite mysteries, with the variation of the artillery game, and the ingeniousness of the screened knight; as the foundation of chess technique, it is not only highly respected by later players, but also quoted in many chess books, and is the golden rule of chess.
A Chess Play by Li Mountain Fairy
The 'Blood Purge Recipe' is handed down from the immortal leader of Mount Li. According to the legend, Liu Zhongfu, a great master of the Song Dynasty, once laughed at a country girl playing chess at the foot of Mount Li, but was unexpectedly defeated by the girl with 120 moves and coughed blood. Since then, these 120 moves have been called the 'Blood Purge Game'.
The Primary Anthology
The book is divided into twenty-four parts with three hundred and thirteen subheadings. This book is based on the works of the scriptures and sons, poems and fugue of the past dynasties and the early Tang Dynasty, and is used for the king and sons to check the matters when they write.
The Rhyme Book by Li Yu
The Rhyming Pairs of the Kasai Weng' covers the real and imaginary responses of astronomy, geography, flowers and trees, birds and animals, people and artifacts. From single-word pairs to double-word pairs, three-word pairs, five-word pairs, seven-word pairs to eleven-word pairs, the sound and rhyme are harmonious and catchy, which is a general knowledge for children's enlightenment.
The Calligraphy Introduction
Shujian Liezhuan', also known as 'Shujian', is a treatise on calligraphy, written by Zhang Huaiguan of the Tang Dynasty. This book is divided into three volumes: the upper volume lists ten types of literary styles, each describing their origins and adding praise; the middle and lower volumes are divided into three categories of gods, wonders, and can, recording the ancient book of eighty-six people, each listed in the biography; the appendix of the biography, and thirty-eight people, cited in a wide range of anecdotes, quite anonymous.
The Calligraphy Book
Hanmo Zhi' is also called 'Book Review' and 'Gaozong Hanmo Zhi', which was written by Zhao Gaozong of Song Dynasty. In the book, there are many unique opinions on the value of 'Lanting Preface', the advantages of stone inkstone, and the method of learning calligraphy, which are different from those of the times.
Nine Essential of Calligraphy
The 'Nine Positions', also known as the 'Eight Characters of Nine Positions', was written by Cai Yong in the Eastern Han Dynasty. The book discusses a wide range of calligraphic techniques, including 'falling strokes, turning strokes, hiding fronts, hiding the head, protecting the tail, quick strokes, swiping strokes, astringent strokes, and horizontal scales and vertical lines. 
The Peacocks Fly to the South and the East
'The long piece is drenched in ancient style, and is full of color, all without words. It is the first long poem of the Han Dynasty. The poem 'The Flight of the Peacock to the Southeast' was written by the Unknown of the Eastern Han Dynasty, and is the first long poem of the Han Dynasty. The poem tells the story of Liu Lanzhi and Jiao Zhongqing, who were originally a couple but had to leave each other due to a change, and finally both of them died in love.
Eight Principles of Character ＂Yong＂
The Eight Methods of the Yong Character were created by Zhi Yong of the Sui Dynasty, Wang Xizhi of the Eastern Jin Dynasty, or Zhang Xu of the Tang Dynasty. This method uses the eight strokes of the character '永' as an example to illustrate the essence of the regular script strokes, which is the fundamental rule of calligraphy, and is also used as a proxy for calligraphy itself.
Epic of King Gesar
King Gesar is a Tibetan heroic epic, with more than one hundred volumes, one million lines of poetry and more than twenty million words. It is a collection of Tibetan stories, myths, poems, fables, proverbs, aphorisms and so on.
Classic of Poetry
As the saying goes, 'If you don't study poetry, you can't speak it'. The Book of Songs is a vast and profound book, containing a large number of songs, elegant music and ritual songs for the temples in three parts: 'Wind', 'Elegance' and 'Ode'. As the key text of Confucianism, Confucius made his disciples use the Book of Songs as a guideline for their words and actions.
The Poetry of Painting
This poem is a seven-word poem on painting; not only is the language refined, but also the perspective is unique, discussing more than fifty painters and commenting on their paintings as if they were precious.
Chengdu Master Paintings
Yizhou Famous Paintings' is a famous painting history book by Huang Huofu, a famous artist of Song Dynasty, who collected many famous paintings from Shu since Tang Dynasty. The book is arranged in four frames: 'Yi, Shen, Miao, and Neng', and is divided into three volumes: upper, middle, and lower.
The Landscape Painting Instructions by Guo Xi
The Linquan Gaozhi Collection was written by Guo Si, son of Guo Xi, a famous landscape painter of the Song Dynasty. This book is the result of Guo Si's discussion of his father's thoughts and painting techniques, and it is so detailed that it is known as 'no one has ever painted a landscape without reading this collection.
PentaBull Map
The painting 'Five Bulls' was made by Han Hwang in the Tang Dynasty. The five cows in the painting are: one bending down to eat grass, one tilting its head forward, one looking back to lick its tongue, one walking slowly, and one rubbing an itch on a thorn tree. Although the coloring of this picture is all rough and spicy, the picture's spirit overflows as if it were alive after a long time, and it can be said to be a masterpiece for the ages.
The History of Painting
The book is divided into ten volumes, containing the biographies of two hundred and nineteen painters, and is written by the Song Dynasty collector Deng Chun. The book not only classifies each painting by ghosts and gods, figures, landscapes, flowers and birds, animals and beasts, houses and trees, vegetables and fruits, and small scenes of miscellaneous paintings, in order to evaluate the merits and demerits of each artist in detail, but also records many famous paintings, miscellaneous sayings, anecdotes of the painting court, and so on.
Admonitions of the Instructress to Court Ladies
'The women are about three inches long, all of them are angry, like those who want to walk, this god without losing their nature'. The picture of 'Women's History' was made by Gu Kaizhi in the Jin Dynasty according to the text 'Women's History' by Zhang Hua in the Jin Dynasty, and is divided into twelve sections, with nineteen painted women. The painting is elegant and beautiful, with both form and spirit, such as the spring silkworms spitting silk, floating in the air.
Emperor Taizong Reveiving the Tibetan Envoy
The picture of 'Step-van' was made by Yan Liben, a famous artist of the Tang Dynasty. The painting is the scene of Lu Dongzan's pilgrimage to see Emperor Taizong of Tang Dynasty, which is: 'gold and jade embroidery, between the left and right, the road looks at each other, happy and good, Zan Pu Ning forget it. The painting is elegant and gorgeous in color, with smooth and rounded lines and varied composition, which can be considered a masterpiece.
Along the River During the Qingming Festival
'When the Song family Biandu was in full bloom, 10,000 square meters of jade and silk ladder sailed along. The 'Qingming Shanghe River' is a popular painting in the Song Dynasty. The painting 'Qingming Shanghe' was made by Zhang Zeduan, a famous writer in Song Dynasty. In the painting, there are more than 500 people, more than 60 animals, more than 20 wooden boats, more than 30 houses and pavilions, more than 20 carts and sedan chairs. The painting can be described as the holy grail of paintings, as it is not chaotic, long but not redundant, small but not lose the whole picture.
Nymph of the Luo River
The painting 'Luo Shen Fu' was painted by Gu Kai Zhi in the Jin Dynasty. The painting is divided into three parts: one is the joy of Cao Zhi's meeting the goddess of Luo; the second is the departure of the goddess of Luo and the despair of their vow to meet again; the third is the helplessness of Cao Zhi's love for his beloved, knowing that she has left. The painting is light and fluent, with all the six methods, and the thoughtfulness and unpredictability.
The Predictions Methods by Sun Bin
The 'golden mouth trick' is also known as the 'big six nones golden mouth trick', for the Warring States Sun Bin transmitted. This secret fuses the key points of Qi Men, Liunon and Taiyi, and is also simple and easy to learn, easy to use, learners of Yi mostly practice this secret.
Ziping’s Fortune-telling
The book is divided into five volumes, which is a strange book that classifies people's fortune into three, six, nine, etc. by the pattern of eight characters: 'Cai Guan Yin, Eating, Killing, Injury and Robbery'. This book is able to discuss the birth, month, day, and time of a person's birth, the prosperity of the gram, the rest, the system, the fortune, and the birth and death of a person, and it can be said to be fulfilled like a god.
QiMen DunJia
The 'Qi Men Dun Jia' is the first of the three styles of Qi Men, Liu Yi and Tai Yi, which was created by the Nine Heavenly Mystics. This method consists of 'odd', 'door', 'recluse' three strange arts, to calculate the heaven and earth, there is no inaccuracy, it is: 'learn the odd door recluse, the next person No need to ask'.
ZiWei DouShu
The 'Purple Micro Dou Shu' is the science of the emperors, which is only passed down from one line of Qintian Supervisors to another, and is rarely passed down to the people. It is a magic art that uses the number of the twelve houses of life to transform the destiny chart, supplemented by the 108 stars to predict the fortune of things, and then uses the number of the four transformations to transform the fate, thus deducing all the signs of life.
Treatise on the Astrology of the KaiYuan Era
The Kaiyuan Sutra, in one hundred and twenty volumes, was written by Gautam Siddhartha, an Indian who lived in Chang'an during the Tang Dynasty. It contains not only the records of various celestial phenomena, but also a large number of star charts and algorithms; not only the 29 types of calendars, but also many astrological techniques and the way of the universe involving grass, trees, birds, animals, human beings and ghosts.
Five Star Astrology
The 'Five Stars' is the 'Gan Shi Xing Jing' of the Warring States period. It is an ancient technique to divine good and bad fortune by recording and observing the movement and anomalies of the five stars of gold, wood, water, fire, and earth, namely Tai Bai, Xing Xing of the Year, Xing of the Star, Xing of the Flux, and Xing of the Town.
Zou Zi
The book is divided into forty-nine chapters: seven on the earth and sky; seven on the changes of yin and yang; seven on the five elements; seven on the beginning and end of the five virtues; seven on the Great Kyushu; seven on the sun, moon, and stars; and seven on the mountains and rivers. All the discussions in the book are exquisite and insightful.
HeTu LuoShu
'Therefore, born with divine things, the sage is the; heaven and earth change, the sage is the; the sky drapes the image to see the auspiciousness, the sage is the; river out of the 'map', Luo out of the 'book', the sage is the'. The 'Hetu Luoshu' is the source of the five elements of yin and yang, the beginning of divination, Taiji, Bagua, Zhou Yi, Six A, Nine Stars, Feng Shui, etc. can be traced to this source.
I Ching
The Zhou Yi was written by Ji Chang, the king of the Zhou Dynasty, and is divided into two parts, the Jing and the Zhuan. The 'Yi' is a vast and all-encompassing book, including astronomy, geography, music, military arts, rhyme, arithmetic, and so on, all of which can be used to help the 'Yi' to say that it is the source of the Way.
Tiny Tasting of Tea
Boiling Spring' is divided into ten chapters: source spring, stone flow, clear cold, sweet fragrance, suitable for tea, spiritual water, different water, river water, well water, and introductory talk. It is a collection of the experience of the previous people and a treatise on the quality of tea water.
The Book of Wine
The Book of Wine was written by Dou Ping in the Song Dynasty. The book discusses a total of thirteen items: the source of wine I, the name of wine II, the matter of wine III, the function of wine IV, Wenk V, chaos and virtue VI, commandment of loss VII, divine differences VIII, foreign regions IX, sexual taste X, drinking utensils XI, wine order XII, general theory XIII.
The Sixteen Methods of Tea Ceremony
Sixteen Soups' is a famous work of the tea ceremony, which is derived from the chapter of 'Cooking Method' in the 'Tea Sutra'. This book according to the different degrees of hot and cold tea water, the different degrees of water injection, the different tea utensils used, the different firewood, and the sixteen soup products, respectively, to calculate their gains and losses.
Dialectic of tea and liquor
The 'tea and wine theory' is a Dunhuang relic, written by the Tang Dynasty Wang Shi. This book is intended to tea and wine mouth of each has been long, each other's length, the debate is vivid and interesting, the metaphor is profound, praise tea: 'the first of a hundred grasses, the flower of ten thousand trees', said wine can: 'and death and fixed life, the gods of Xin Qi'.
Treatise on Tea
The 'Da Guan Tea Theory' is divided into twenty articles, which was written by Zhao Ji, Emperor Huizong of Song Dynasty. In the book on the tea origin of the yin and yang, the influence of the weather in the harvesting, cooking test techniques, tea, point tea, etc. are all discussed and explained, not only insightful, and profound discussion.
The Wine Classic of North Mountain
The book was written in the Song Dynasty and is divided into three volumes: the upper volume is a general treatise on the origin of wine; the middle volume contains dozens of methods of making wine; and the lower volume describes the methods of making wine. This book is a detailed and theoretically sophisticated, and can be considered the best book on wine in the world.
The Theotry of Tea
The 'Daming water record' is the Song Dynasty Ouyang Xiu on tea water special article. The book refuted Zhang and new divided into twenty water products, said: 'Yu's theory of water, evil Ting dip and like the spring flow, so the well to take more draws, although the river cloud flow, but many water mixed gathering, so the second to the mountain water, but this said near physical cloud.' Its words are incisive into the reason, ancient and modern correspondence, said its debate on water theory is the most fair.
The Wine Classic by East Slope Holder’s
The 'Dongpo Wine Sutra', written by Su Shi in the Song Dynasty, is a classic work on winemaking. This book contains three hundred and seventy-seven words, which contain a series of ancient laws on wine making, such as 'making music, using materials, using quilts, feeding materials, raw material yield, brewing'.
The Classic of Tea
The 'tea sutra' is a book by Lu Yu of the Tang Dynasty, divided into three volumes of ten sections. Volume: one of the source; two of the tools; three of the creation; volume: four of the ware; volume: five of the cooking; six of the drink; seven of the matter; eight of the out; nine of the slightly; ten of the figure. Its discussion of tea in detail, creating a generation of tea ceremony precedent, if you talk about tea, the first to promote this book.
The Book of Tripod
The Book of Tripods was written during the Spring and Autumn and Warring States Periods, and the author's name is unknown. The book describes the smelting and techniques of bronze, supplemented by lost wax casting and various decorative techniques, and is the only book that records the smelting of bronze during the Spring and Autumn Periods.
Heat Formula
During the Song Dynasty, Longquan County, a miner surnamed Liu, according to the fire explosion method of mining techniques compiled a recipe, after this recipe passed from mouth to mouth, spread to the north and south, so sometimes people according to this recipe perfected the fire explosion mining techniques and compiled into a book, named 'fire explosion recipe'.
The records of Acient Swords and Blades
Ancient and Modern Sword Book' is written by Tao Hongjing of the Southern Dynasty, recording a total of more than 40 pieces of ancient and modern weapons in four categories: swords and knives, Shu General swords, Wu General swords, Wei General swords, etc.. The book described the 'steel' art, is the most cast technology at that time, the steel infusion Suetsu knife can cut armor more than 30 Zha, people at the time called the gods of weapons.
Xue Zhu’s Sword Evalution
The Qin people Xue Candle for the king of Yue Gou trample look at the five swords, said the hair Cao and huge Que: 'not a treasure sword.' And also said pure Jun: 'Although pouring the city amount of gold, pearls and jade exhausted river, only not this one thing.' The people of the time will record this matter into a book, so it became 'Xue candle phase sword'.
The Book of River
The 'Water Classic' was written by Li Daoyuan in the Northern Wei Dynasty, in which there are 1,252 river addresses and water quality characteristics, and the minerals in the water are described, such as gold, silver, copper, iron, tin, mercury, etc. In later times, founders used this book to distinguish the water quality of rivers and forge objects, which is a must-read article for the forging industry.
Yue King’s Hoard
Legend has it that King Goujian had ordered the five swords in his collection to be drawn and written, and after Goujian's death, he was buried with the five volumes of the atlas. During the Tang Dynasty, Goujian's tomb was stolen and the five volumes of the atlas flowed out, so the world called the five volumes of the atlas 'King Yue's Secret Collection'.
The Book of Diverse Crafts
The book is divided into two volumes, in which the specifications and manufacturing industries of woodworking, goldworking, leatherworking, colorworking, scraping and hollowing are discussed, and is by far the most comprehensive book covering all kinds of work.
OuYe Zi
At the end of the Tang Dynasty, a nameless Taoist priest stayed at night in a broken view, suddenly heard a strange sound within the wall, so take the night to chisel the wall, 'Ou Zu Legacy' is now, this book has Ou Yezi forging weapons of many secret methods and diagrams, none of which is a ghost set up God, the tricky method.
The KunWu Book
It is said in the 'Five Sounds, Five Rhymes' that 'Kun-ge' is also a beautiful stone. The book of 'Kun Zhi Zhi' is a wonderful book in the period of Wei, Jin and North and South Dynasties, which discusses the best jade from the period of Spring and Autumn and Warring States to the present, and draws pictures to evaluate the advantages and disadvantages of jade in detail, and the wording is lavish and grand.
The Carpentry Principles
The book is divided into four books and thirteen sections: one on wood; two on wood cutting; three on wood cutting; and four on woodworking. From the selection of wood to the creation of wooden tools, are detailed descriptions, if from the woodworking matters, must not be read this book.
Easten Garden Records
The so-called East Garden, is Cai Jing placed in the east of the city, covering an area of dozens of miles, planted with countless exotic flowers and trees of the residence, the times for the irony of its extravagant, so compiled this book, a detailed account of Cai Jing East Garden of a hundred flowers and a hundred trees, although the content of more than pompous, but in the future to understand the growth habits of various types of plants and trees, but still a great help.
The keypoints for Vessel and Vehicle
Yang Guang, Emperor Yang of Sui, ordered officials to supervise the construction of dozens of dragon boats and hundreds of luxurious carriages for a trip to Yangzhou, and the supervisors wrote a book on all the methods of mortise and tenon jointing and nailing of dragon boats and carriages, called 'Boat and Carriage Pivot'.
The Nine Chapters on the Mathmeatical Art
The 'Nine Chapters' is the earliest book of arithmetic in ancient times, with nine chapters and 246 questions, including 'Fangtian', which is the method of calculating plane figures; 'Shaoguang', which is the method of opening the square and cube; and 'Shanggong 'is the calculation of three-dimensional volume of the method, these three methods are commonly used in the ancient method of wood making, as one of the roots of a hundred engineering techniques in later generations.
Wooden Bird
'Gong Luzi cut bamboo and wood for magpies, and flew for three days. The book 'Bamboo Magpie' is a strange book containing various whims of Lu Ban, which is named after bamboo magpie, and its content is unprecedented and unprecedented, but unfortunately most of it has not been completed yet.
ZhouBi Arithmetic Classic
The book 'The Book of Thighs and Arithmetic' is one of the 'Ten Books of Arithmetic', which includes the change of seasons, the way of climate change, the north and south poles, and the theory of day and night. According to legend, during the Three Kingdoms period, Zhuge Wolong read 'The Book of Thighs and Calculations' and was inspired to create the Wooden Ox and Flowing Horse.
The legends of Great Smiths
This book was written by an unknown carpenter in the Han Dynasty, who described himself as a 'general master craftsman' and recorded his career for the construction of palaces, temples, tombs and civil engineering.
Exquisite Mystery
During the Qin dynasty, Prime Minister Li Si was ordered to supervise the construction of the tomb of Qin Shi Huang, a highly respected Mozi old man was invited to build the tomb organs, the old man knew that there was no return, so he compiled his decades of research into the art of organ building into a book, into the tomb to build the organs, after the completion of the tomb, Qin Shi Huang ordered the killing of hundreds of workers, the book also became the old man's last book.
GongShu JiYi
The book is based on the book of Lu Ban, the ancestor of the woodworkers, and contains thousands of woodworking methods, from the construction of the palace to the utensils of the people, all of which are listed in a hundred chapters, and all of them are profound and subtle.
The Classic of Meridian
Written by Wang Xi in the Western Jin Dynasty, the book summarizes the main points of the scriptures such as the Nei Jing and the Difficult Classic, and incorporates ancient experience in pulse science and its many years of practice, making it the first pulse science monograph to summarize in detail the twenty-four pulse signs.
The Stone Carving from Chu’s Outer Coffin
Chu's legacy' for the southern Qi Chu Cheng written. The book is divided into receive shape, this qi, flat pulse, JinRun, part of the body, essence and blood, in addition to disease, examine micro, discern the book, ask the son of ten, is a pioneer in discussing the mysteries of human qi and blood yin and yang, for future generations of doctors as a classic.
Classic on 81 Medical Problems
The book is divided into eighty-one difficulties, using the question and answer method to discuss medical theory, which covers pulse diagnosis, meridians, internal organs, yin and yang, etiology, disease mechanism, Ying and Wei, acupuncture points, acupuncture, and disease evidence, among which the discussion of the eight channels, Sanjiao and the Gate of Life, have been practiced by later generations of doctors.
Supplements to Precious Prescriptions for Emergencies
The book is divided into 30 volumes, with 189 doors and more than 2,900 songs. It is a collection of Sun Simiao's 30 years of medical experience, and was written to supplement the shortcomings of the 'Thousand Gold Prescriptions'.
Treatise on Febrile Diseases
The Treatise on Typhoid was written in the Eastern Han Dynasty by Zhang Zhongjing, the sage of medicine. The entire book consists of 12 volumes and contains a large number of compound prescriptions, which are rigorously formulated and have remarkable curative effects.
Book in the Cyan Bag
'Hua Tuo devoted his life's work to making the Qing Bao Shu. The upper volume contains the doctrine of drug theory, while the lower volume contains the surgical techniques.
Synopsis of Golden Chamber
'This book can live'. The book is divided into three volumes, containing more than 60 diseases and 262 prescriptions, and is an essential part of the medical art.
ShengNong’s Herbal Classic
The Shennong Ben Cao Jing originated from the Shennong Clan and was not written at one time and by one person, but was collected and summarized by many medical practitioners during the Qin and Han dynasties.
Huang Di Nei Jing
The Yellow Emperor's Classic of Internal Medicine is divided into two parts: the Spiritual Pivot and the Su Wen, which are based on the theories of Huang Lao Taoism and establish the doctrines of 'Yin and Yang, the Five Elements', 'Pulse and Phenomenon' and 'Tibetan Phenomenon'. It is a rich and all-embracing doctrine, whose ideas and concepts have determined the direction and foundation of ancient and modern medicine, and is a classic book of the ancestors and a marvelous book for the ages.
Six Evils Jing
This book is a book on poison circulated around the Nanzhao country in the Tang Dynasty, in which dozens of common poisons are recorded to cause six kinds of lethal symptoms, such as black face and rigor mortis, swelling and ulceration of the whole body, red eyes and vomiting blood, etc. Therefore, this book was called 'Six Harm Sutra' by the people of the time.
Venoms Jing
The book is divided into twenty-five chapters, containing three hundred and forty-seven poisonous herbs and medicines, detailing the growth environment of these poisons, the consequences of accidental ingestion and the methods of antidote, which is the first monograph on poisons in ancient times.
Autopsy Instructions
The book was written in the Song Dynasty and is the work of Song Ci. There are five volumes and fifty-three articles, including six categories of autopsy, bone examination, injury examination, poisoning, and death saving, among which the category of 'poisoning' is of great help to the study of poisoning, and the study of various injuries, disabilities, diseases, and deaths in the book also greatly accelerates the progress of the study of poisoning.
The Theory of Toxic Beings
The book of 'Evil Things' was written during the Five Dynasties period, and was compiled by Zhao Kuangyin, the Song Emperor, in the Hanlin Medical Academy. This book contains 2,000 words, and contains dozens of methods of poisoning, such as 'hooks and kisses', 'hemlock' and 'hemlock poison'. The book is a private book of the royal collection, and is not allowed to be circulated among the people.
Death Pool Encyclopedia
The book covered hundreds of poisons in sixteen regions, of which Fotu Cheng destroyed eleven, and the remaining 213 types were all dismissed because of their extreme toxicity, and the book was later transmitted to Luoyang, because the poisons it contained were unheard of, and were mistakenly fabricated by the people of the time.
Ghost Pot Jing
During the Tang Dynasty, from the royal family to the peddlers, they all drank wine for fun. At that time, there was an old man who recorded thirty-nine kinds of medicine into the wine, using the characteristics of the wine to strengthen the toxicity of the medicine.
Notes for inferior part of Sheng Nong’s Herbal Classic
'One hundred and twenty-five kinds of lower medicines are adjuvant, the main cure for disease to respond to the ground, more poisonous, should not be taken for a long time'. This book is a detailed commentary on the 125 kinds of 'lower medicines' contained in the Shennong Bancaojing. The commentator only discusses the toxicity of the 'lower medicines' regardless of the medicine to save lives, and people were disgusted by its ominous nature, so this book rarely circulated.
One Million Poisoning Ways
The Book of Hundred Losses' is a book written by one of the five Southern Ancestors of Taoism in the Song Dynasty, a disciple of Bai Yuchan, which contains thirty-six types of poisons, corresponding to the thirty-six dead points of the human body, damage points and destroy veins without remedy, so there is no antidote to the poisons contained in this book, and because of its overbearing nature, it is called a killer by the people of the time.
The Secret Key for Black Cloth
The book is divided into five chapters: miasma, mine, water, grass and insects, listing a total of 1,236 poisonous things in the world, which is the most comprehensive book of poisonous things in the past and present.
The Jacquard Book
The 'Flower Law Book' was written by an unnamed weaver in the Song Dynasty, which describes the method of making the law, detailing nearly 30 processes such as picking silk, soaking silk, twisting silk, playing painting, wearing synthesis, painting plates to weaving on the machine, etc. The text is simple and easy to understand, and is a primer for weavers.
Ancient Tales from Les
'The Li people are good at weaving brocade, exquisite production, colorful'. Song Dynasty, a Han Chinese to Hainan Island, live for twelve years, wrote a book 'Li ancient language', the book is divided into three chapters of weaving embroidery, weaving and dyeing, weaving flowers, a detailed account of the method of making Li brocade and production techniques, for the time to learn.
The Variorum for Scouring and Dyeing
The Dyeing Division of the Qin Dynasty recorded its dyeing method as a matter of circulation within the Division, and the notes discussed in detail the dyeing method of thirty-nine kinds of colors.
The Silkworm Jing
'Han Yi, the Queen pro-sang the eastern suburbs of the garden, silkworm room sacrifice silkworm god, said the garden swamp women, 寓氏 Princess Shrine.' During the Western Han Dynasty, Empress Dou held the first silkworm sacrifice, and ordered the weaving room craftsmen to compile the 'mulberry and silkworm scriptures', the Qin and Han dynasties weaving skills of ancient methods recorded in the book, widely spread to the people.
The Story of Borrowing Cloth
An unknown person in Chang'an of the Tang Dynasty wrote a book called 'The Book of Borrowed Clothes' based on the strange story of 'Borrowed Clothes to Buy Wine', which describes the daily dresses and clothes of the common people of the Tang Dynasty with witty words and illustrations, and is a comprehensive collection of the dresses of the Tang Dynasty.
Ducks in the Lotus Pond
The lotus pond duck picture is full of lotus flowers, white petal tips dyed red, egret birds look elfin and transparent, a female and a male double duck swimming leisurely, accompanied by a pair of children lively and innocent, cute and childish, the picture is vivid and warm, rich in color changes, the woof is finely organized, the silk strands are evenly defined, is the best work.
The Book of Etiquette and Rites
It is a compilation of seventeen books based on the ritual system of the Spring and Autumn and Warring States Periods. The book contains seventeen types of clothing worn by the Zhou Emperor and even by the ministerial officials during the Spring and Autumn and Warring States Periods, and is a guideline for the weaving industry to weave official clothing.
The Brocade Book of All Sorts Flowers
The Book of Hundred Flowers was written in the first year of the Shen Long period of the Tang dynasty. The book records the patterns and inner meanings of costumes from the Shang and Zhou dynasties to the Tang dynasty, with detailed descriptions and magnificent diction, which can be called the best book of flower brocades in the ancient and modern world.
LeiZu unrolling the Cocoon
Rayon invented the method of raising silkworms and reeling silk, known to the world as the 'ancestor of silkworms'. Since the beginning of the Xia Dynasty, generations of famous weavers will devote their lives to collect the ancient method of reeling silkworms Rayon, finally to the Han Dynasty years into the 'first silkworms Rayon Records', can be described as a hundred years of time and blood constantly, pouring thousands of people's efforts to make the best book.
The Jade Knowing
This book contains the nature and form of the jade sand produced in different parts of the Song Dynasty, and is the most complete record of the jade sand in the Song Dynasty.
The Six Auspicious Map
According to legend, 'Six Rui Tu' is a treasure map presented by Jiang Ziya to King Wu of Zhou, on which six types of jade vessels were painted: Zhen Gui, Huan Gui, Xin Gui, Gu Gu Gui, Gu Bi and Pu Bi. Later, King Wu of Zhou established the Zhou dynasty and used these six types of jade vessels for officials' pilgrimage, and appointed these six vessels as 'Six Rui'.
The Jade Carving
The book is divided into four chapters: phase jade, scratching, faceting, and grinding. The book contains seven ancient methods of grinding jade, such as double-hook grinding method, gold error jade, nephrite method, and soft crystal method.
Eight Delicates and Eight Treasures
The book 'Eight Precious Eight Treasures' was written in the late Tang Dynasty, the name of the author is unknown, the whole book is divided into two volumes, the upper volume contains jade, the lower volume contains stone, the whole book contains the wall displaced, barking glaze, turquoise, jasper, Jin Yu, gold essence, aventurine and other sixteen types of jade species and their places of production, is the jade industry, the readings of the industry is circulated, rare.
The Onyx
Afterwards, the lord of Shu, Meng Chang, was very fond of Lady Hua Rui, saying that she was so charming and feminine that he thought only immortal jade could match her appearance, so he spent ten thousand gold to purchase thirty-six types of precious stones, all of which were different from each other.
The Unusual Soul
According to legend, after the death of the Sui Dynasty craftsman Li Chun, was buried next to the Zhaozhou Bridge, when the winter months, a hundred grass died, only Li Chun's grave grass grows and flies, someone went to investigate, saw his grave appeared hundreds of gold, stone and jade, people thought it was strange, so the tomb of the jewels produced in the book, ordered it for the 'foreign soul Zhi'.
Vasudhara Dharani Sutra
'The only tools for jade cutting were wire and bow. During the Wei, Jin and North and South Dynasties, the only tools for cutting jade were wire and bow, which were very labor-intensive and poor.
Raising a Jade by Yi Xiang
In the ancient times, there was a god named Yi Xiang, who had no magic power but was good at nurturing jade, and loved to wander the earth, and if he met a person with a destiny, he would teach the method of nurturing jade. In the Han Dynasty, there was a rich merchant who was good at nurturing jade, and he compiled a book with his comments on nurturing jade.
Jasper Lake Travel notes
During the Five Dynasties, there was a young man named Liu Hua from the scholarly clan of Houshu, who had a beautiful appearance and was a good sport. It is said that he took a nap in the garden one day, and suddenly dreamed of the brightness of the haze, and the Queen Mother of the West arrived by clouds and invited Liu Hua to visit the Immortal Palace of Kunlun, and lingered for a long time.
The Yellow Court Classic
It was written by Li Er during the Spring and Autumn Period and the Warring States Period. It was created by Wei Hua Cun of the Tian Shi Dao and spread to the world, combining the Daoist doctrine of thinking of God and keeping one and loving qi with the ancient medical theory of internal organs.
Lao Zi Ching
Guan Yinzi was taught by Laozi, developed his wisdom, and cultivated the Great Tao, which led to the book 'Wen Shi Zhen Jing'. This book has a profound and beautiful text and a profound and meaningful meaning, so it is called: the great Taoist collection of millions of volumes, the most sophisticated Guan Yinzi book.
HuaiNan Zi
The Huainanzi was written by Liu An, the king of Huainan, and his staff of scholars. The book is based on the theme of Huanglao's doctrine, and incorporates the words of the hundred schools of thought.
BaoPu Zi
The book is written by Ge Hong in the Jin Dynasty. It consists of eight volumes, with 20 inner chapters on the art of divine exhalation, runes and seals, and 50 outer chapters on the achievements and failures of current affairs and personnel, which occupy a place in Taoist literature.
Wen Zi
This scripture became in the Spring and Autumn and Warring States period, is a person of Song country Ji Ran, the book to the name, law, Confucianism, Mohism, the words of its Taoist thought, the purpose of the profound and the diction is true, can be described as a collection of the ancient for a series, sincere pivotal point of the world.
Lie Zi
In the year of Tianbao, Emperor Xuanzong of Tang dynasty made Liezi 'Chongxu Zhen Zhen Zhen' and ordered him to write a sutra called 'Chongxu Zhen Zhen Jing', which is one of the four sacred scriptures of Taoism.
Zhuang Zi
The South China Classic was written by Zhuangzi and his descendants during the Spring and Autumn and Warring States period, and is known as the Three Mysteries, along with Laozi and Zhouyi. It is a book that covers all aspects of philosophy, life, politics, society, art, and the universe, and is known as 'a book of nine streams and a hundred schools of thought'.
Huangdi Yinfujing
'The hidden microscopic difficult to see, so named Yin; wonderfully combined with the Avenue, named as a symbol. The sutra is the common law of the ages.' The Yellow Emperor's Book of Yin Fu is said to have been written during the time of the Yellow Emperor Xuan Yuan, with more than 400 words.
TaoTe Ching
'Laozi lived in Zhou for a long time, see the decline of Zhou, is then go. To Guan, Guan Yin Xi said: the son will be hidden, strong for me to write a book, so Laozi said moral five thousand words and go, so into the 'Tao Te Ching.' The Tao Te Ching is divided into two books, with 'morality' as the outline, discussing the way of cultivating oneself, ruling the country, using the military, and maintaining health.
The Heart Sutra
The full text of this sutra is only 260 words, one of the six hundred Prajna volumes, the meaning of Prajna are set in this sutra, is the 'Great Prajna Sutra' heart essence, so called the 'Heart Sutra', this sutra words are simple but rich in meaning, few words but deep purpose.
The Vajra Sutra
The Vajra Sutra, written in ancient India, is a classic work that expounds the secret meaning of Buddhahood, in which the disciple of the Buddha, Nuo, records the time when the Buddha, Shakyamuni, was talking about the sutras with his disciples, including the elder Subhuti.
The Kishitigarbha Sutra
This sutra is a translation of the Kṣitigarbha Sutra by the Tang Dynasty monk Shikonanda. The sutra describes the original merits and virtues of Kṣitigarbha and the vows of the original life, emphasizing the incredible power of Kṣitigarbha's great aspirations.
The Forty-two Chapters Sutra
In the tenth year of Yongping, an emissary returned to China with Jemoten and Zhuran, established the White Horse Temple in Luoyang, and translated the Forty-two Chapters Sutra. This book contains forty-two quotations from the Buddha, which covers all the teachings of the Mahayana and the Dhamma, and is respected as one of the 'Three Sutras of Buddha's Legacy'.
The Pure Land Three Sutras
Among the three sutras of the Pure Land, the Immeasurable Life Sutra proclaims the great wish of Amitabha Buddha to guide all sentient beings; the Kama Sutra proclaims the sixteen times of contemplating the Buddha, the three blessings of purification, and the nine grades of rebirth; the Amitabha Sutra proclaims the majesty of the blissful world and the origin and meaning of Amitabha Buddha's name, and urges all sentient beings to make the wish to be born in the blissful world.
The Dirghagama Sutra
The Sutra is one of the Four Agamas, and is called the 'Long Agama' because it is a long collection of sutras that speak of long-standing events. It is the foundation of the Buddha's teachings and the 'teachings' of the Buddha.
The Avatamsaka Sutra
The Avatamsaka Sutra is said to have been preached by Shakyamuni Buddha in meditation after his attainment of Buddhahood, explaining the endless Dharma realm, and is based on the real Dharma realm of cause-and-effect karma.
The Saddharmapundarika Sutra
The Myoho-renge-kyo Sutra, one of the three Dharma Sutras, is the teaching of the Buddha Shakyamuni in his later years, and is based on the authority of the 'sound heard' and 'dhyana', opening the way to 'return to the lesser'. It is one of the three teachings of the Buddha Shakyamuni in his later years, and it is one of the most important in the history of Buddhist thought.
The Surangama Sutra
'Since the first reading of Leng Yan, I have not read the dregs of earthly books!' . This sutra is a classic of Mahayana Buddhism, as it contains all the important theories of Mahayana Buddhism.
Average People’s Food Menu
This book is the Song Dynasty, Songjiang Province, a butcher's book, the book contains thirty-seven dishes, are taken from the common people's dishes, easy to learn the practice, because of the inclusion of the four people's daily food, so people will be called the 'four people's food book.
SongSao’s Banquet Menu
In the sixth year of Chunxi, Song Gaozong Zhao Gou took the imperial boat to swim in the West Lake, ordered the chamberlain to buy turtles and fish to release them, and there was a woman called Song Wu's wife who sold fish soup in the Xuanzou, claiming to be from Kaifeng, who moved south with the emperor to this place and made fish soup in the West Lake to make a living.
Vegetarian Recipes from the Study of the True Heart
The 'Benshin Zhai Cookbook' is written by an old man named Benshin, and edited by his disciple Chen Dasuo, in which twenty items of vegetarian food are described, and sixteen words of praise are written, the words of which are pounded with elegance, unadulterated, and the sentiment of which is elegant and high, quiet and out of the ordinary.
The Book By Fan ShengZhi
In the late Western Han Dynasty, the agronomist Fushengzhi wrote the book 'Fushengzhi' based on the books of the pre-Qin Dynasty and his own experience, which contains the techniques of cultivating thirteen types of crops, such as grass, millet, wheat, rice and barnyard, and is the source of future agricultural science.
Wei JuYuan’s Shao-Wei Banquet Menu
'The rooster crows on the pillow, the night air returns, a hundred years of peace, all become a dream, only this 58 food, to prove that the heyday once existed.' The book of 'Burnt Tail Food List' was written by Wei Juyuan, a native of Duling, Chang'an, which recorded the food list of the Burnt Tail Banquet held by Wei Juyuan in the second year of Jinglong in honor of King Zhongzong, with the names of fifty-eight kinds of dishes recorded on it, and the exquisite dishes and extravagant materials used were sighed by later generations.
The Simple Foods of the Mountain Folk
The book is a collection of fruits and vegetables from the fields, the mountains and forests, and the poultry of the farmers.
Classic of Food
The 'Food Scripture' is a book written by Cui Hao of the Northern Wei Dynasty. It consists of nine volumes, in which a variety of food storage and delicacies are described, and is orally taught by Cui's mother Lu and the women of his clan.
Essential Methods of the Common People
The 'Essentials of Qimin' was written by the agronomist Jia Siwei. The book is divided into ten volumes of 92, outlining its agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry, fishery, vice and other handicraft production and food storage knowledge, during the Tang Dynasty, Zizhou Neijiang County, a family of Liu's family according to the 'Qi Min Yao Ji' storage food a, the money orange, dried pears, apricots, Shou Xing orange, and other fruits to honey soaked storage, this method to preserve sugar and juice, its taste sweet and delicious, after the royal family as a tribute fruit.
The Cooking Book by Yu Cong
In the era of Southern Qi, Yu Joy of Yu Yao wrote the book 'Food Precious Record', which mainly recorded the dishes of Jiangnan flavor, and its cooking method is Yu Joy's own original with the ancient method of the previous people, which is one of its best, and it won the top of the Six Dynasties' food precious spectrum, and the Book of Southern Qi said 'Joy is good at taste, and all Qi have methods'.
East Slope Holder’s Essays
During the Yuanfeng period, Su Shi wrote a general compilation of miscellaneous historical treatises for the 'Dongpo Zhilin', the length of the text is not limited, are written in writing, spontaneous, flowing water into the pen is interesting, is its true style.
Records of the Unworldly and the Strange
Tao Gu of the Song Dynasty wrote the book 'Qing Yi Lu', the whole book is more than picking up the extraordinary words and anecdotes, where the division of thirty nine, on the astronomy and geography, personnel officials, flowers and fruits, insects, fish, birds and animals, household utensils and even immortals, ghosts and demons, everything is ready, read the fun is very strong.
Book of Yue and GouJian
The book was written by Wu Ping in the Eastern Han Dynasty, and it mainly deals with the barnyard history of Wu and Yue in the Spring and Autumn Period, as well as the vassal states, which is the origin of the later historical novels.
ErYa
The Erya was written between the Warring States or the two Han dynasties, with 19 books containing more than 4,300 words, and is the 'ancestor of dictionaries'.
Classic of Mountains and Seas
'Look at its mountains and seas, look down on the universe, get its pleasure'. The 'Shanhaijing' is a pre-Qin ancient book, the book originally twenty two titles, the existing eighteen, on the strange and strange and fallacious sayings, a collection of rare and museum of geography, its brush wandering and unrestrained, thought magnificent fantasy.
GuiGu Zi
During the Spring and Autumn and Warring States period, Wang Zen, the originator of the Zongheng family, wrote the book 'Guigu Zi', which has twenty-three entries, describing his strategy and power, and with this book, Wang Zen set the status of the Zongheng family, and also set the Spring and Autumn period of chaos.
Seven Tactics
The Seven Strategies is a book written by Liu Xiang in the Han Dynasty. The book analyzes the various cultural and academic schools from the pre-Qin Dynasty to the Western Han Dynasty in the form of thirty-eight categories of the Seven Strategies; it reviews the rise and fall of various cultural and academic disciplines in the form of a series of sketches; it introduces the merits and faults of various academic and cultural works in a specific and detailed manner with the narrative of each book.
Mo Zi
The book 'Mozi' consists of fifty-three books, which were gradually added by Mozi and his disciples in various generations.
The Dream Pool Essays
During the Song Dynasty, Shen Kuo wrote a book called 'Mengxi Pen-talk' after he retired in his late years from his divorced residence in Runzhou. The book is divided into seventeen departments, covering a wide range of contents, from the wisdom of officials to the words of the village, and involving ancient natural science, technology and social and historical phenomena.
