Reconsider
You can place a question horizontally, vertically or diagonally 1 tile away from the opponent's argument with lower value
Direct
You can place a question on any horizontal or vertical tile from your argument (can't go over higher value arguments)
Jumping
You can place a question diagonally from your argument to any tile (can't go over higher value arguments)
Layout
Your arguments increase the value of all your arguments on the horizontal, vertical and diagonal tiles
Chain
Whenever you answer opponent's Question and Doubt, increase value of this argument
Implementing
Your argument increases the value of all of your arguments in any horizontal or vertical tile (can be obstructed by opponent's argument)
Balance
If your opponent chooses to answer their own Question or Doubt, reduce the value of the opponent's argument for this answer
Surprise
Your argument can reduce value of all of your opponent's tiles 1 tile away on horizontal, vertical and diagonal tiles
Sideswipe
Your argument can reduce value of all of your opponent's tiles anywhere on horizontal and vertical tiles from it
Intimidation
When your Question or Doubt turns into your argument, eliminate the opponent's Horiz. Vert. and Diag. arguments with lower value
Defamation
Can be used to eliminate 1 lower value argument of the opponent that's within 1 tile range of your argument Horiz. Vert. or Diag.
Reprimand
When your Question or Doubt turns into your argument, eliminate the lower value argument of the opponent that are Horiz. or Vert. (can't go over higher value arguments)
Gotcha
When your Question or Doubt is answered, the cooldown of the manual used by the opponent for the answer is increased by 1 turn.
Exaggerate
When you Question or Doubt, 3 more books are displayed to enter the cooldown
Humble
When you Question or Doubt, 3 less books are displayed to enter the cooldown
Insight
Can be used on the opponent's argument with a strategy to directly eliminate all strategies on that tile.
Misinterpretation
When your Question or Doubt turns into your argument, eliminate all of your opponent's strategies on tiles horizontally, vertically, and diagonally in 1 tile range
Understanding
When your Question or Doubt turns into your argument, eliminate all of your opponent's strategies on tiles horizontally and vertically to it.
Thoughtful
Reduce the cooldown for random 3 of books by 1 turn
Enrage
Increase the cooldown of the opponent's random 3 books by 1 turn.
Inspiration
You can select a book that is on cooldown to completely restore cooldown.
Quote
When your Question or Doubt turns into your argument, draw strategies depending on how many arguments you have horizontally, vertically, and diagonally in 1 tile range
Citation
Draw strategies based on the difference in score
Lead
When your Question or Doubt turns into your argument, draw strategies depending on how many arguments you have horizontally and vertically (can be obstructed by opponent's argument)
Compound
You can replace your argument, and reclaim any strategies used on it
Conclusion
Books won't go on a cooldown when used.
Theory
You can Question opponent's arguments pf lower value, and directly turn them into your own argument.
