Music
At the time of the Yellow Emperor, Leng Lun made a musical instrument and listened to the song of the phoenix, the male song was six, the female song was also six, and the music was divided into twelve rhythms. Later people gradually used bamboo, zither, bell and other musical instruments as carriers to develop various rhythms and compose music, with different qualities but the same rhythm.

This section of the spectrum
Chess
In the ancient times, Shun created the art of gambling, in which two people take turns to move the pieces on the board, using them as symbols, to compete for a victory. The game of Go has the phases of black and white, yin and yang, and is compared to the Zhoutian, while the game of Xiangqi has the signs of the sun, the moon and the stars, and is a metaphor for the military machine.

This move of the Go
Literature
In ancient times, people used poetry to celebrate the gods of nature, and later they used books to carry the truths of righteousness. Among them are scripture, history, calligraphy and essays, which, between the brush and ink and in the form and meaning, teach people about the past and the present and nurture their spirituality.

This chapter of the book
Painting
In ancient times, mortals used minerals to smear on stone walls to remember events, the beginning of painting. Later people searched for more colours, such as blue and yellow, and dipped their brushes into paper and silk to write images of mountains, rivers, people and animals, the colours becoming more colourful, the shapes more varied and the meanings more endless.

This skill of painting
Astrology
For example, in the ancient times, after the wind, the Qi Men Dun Jia, in the Xia and Shang dynasties, the tortoise nails were used for divination, and later on, some people discussed the number theory of the five elements of Yin and Yang, divination, astrology, the six nones, the six armour, the eight trigrams and other square arts as a whole, which can predict the rise and fall of fortune and misfortune, or perform wonderful changes.

This tactic in the book
Appreciation
Since the beginning of times, there has been tasting. As a result of studying the methods of production, character and appreciation of all things, people will naturally assess the quality of things, and when many people talk about them, they will become a consensus, and then they will be used for tea and wine tasting.

Smithing
Xia Yu ordered bronze to be offered in all the states, melted and cast into shape, and the Nine Cauldrons were forged. Since then, the forging of armour, blades and household objects has become the rule, with the forging of all metals and the forging of all kinds of processes, including the burning of charcoal in the furnace, smelting and hammering.
The technique in the Book
Carpentry
In the Spring and Autumn, Gong Lopin measured wood and made many ingenious objects, such as ladders, carts, locks and kites, each with its own use, and his art has been carried on for generations. Nowadays, people use wood, bamboo, roots and rattan to make convenient objects by measuring with a ruler, taking notes with a bucket, sawing and mortising, following the methods of their ancestors.
The Technique in the Book
Medicine
When people are sick, there is the art of healing. In the old days, Shennong tasted the hundred herbs, Huang Di discussed the weather, and Bian Magpie explained the difficulties, all for the purpose of treating illnesses and saving people. The art of medicine uses acupuncture, tonics and channeling to respond to the weather, to regulate yin and yang, and to remove people's illnesses and pains.
Make Medicine
The Theory in the Book
Toxicology
Knowing all the poisons, using all the poisons, solving all the poisons. The world is full of plants, rocks, insects and animals, the touch of which will cause physical disorders and illnesses, but if they are mixed in different proportions, they can either control or cure the poison.
Refine Poison
Weaving
Since the beginning of Rayon, the people take animal skins, find cocoons, silk weaving, making clothes and mesh, the art of brocade weaving, made many convenient clothing, at first only for shelter, and then also beautiful. The people's status is different, the clothes are often different.
Gemcutting
The art of making treasures from the stone. The art of the artisan is to take raw jade, cut it, punch it, grind it and carve it to make jade seals and jade pearls. The jade is so hard that a single mistake would make the whole vessel unfit for use.
Gemcutting
Taoism
'The immortal rule can not be told'.. In the past, Lao Tzu was enlightened by the Tao, saying that the Tao is the beginning of heaven and earth, the mother of all things, and that the Dao is independent and unchanging. The Dao is incomprehensible, and from the Dao comes the Dao. Those who have attained the Dao are free from confusion and inaction, and are transcendent.

This Treatise in the Scriptures
Buddhism
Since the nirvana of Sakyamuni Buddha in the ancient kingdoms of the sky, Buddhism has been achieved. People have followed the teachings of the Four Noble Truths, the Five Aggregates and the Eightfold Path, and have contemplated the mysteries of emptiness, appearance and degrees, and although there are divisions in Buddhist teachings, they are originally circular.

The Law in the Scriptures
Culinary Arts
Food is the essence of humankind. Since the beginning of time, culinary arts have developed. Using various cooking methods such as frying, pan-frying, stir-frying and boiling techniques, mixing the five flavors of sour, bitter, sweet, spicy and salty, seeking to satisfy the desire of the mouth, the nose and the eyes, the culinary arts are the essence of all arts.
Cooking
A taste for books
Lore
Diverse knowledge that is not described in the scriptures, literature and history. It is a miscellany of learning, including current affairs, stories, localities, power and wisdom, etc. It is not confined to any one category, and has been handed down from a hundred schools and has a hundred wonderful uses.

