Sink Qi to Dantian
Gain Internal Energy equivalent to 100% of the monthly Cultivation.

Five Qi Control
Shift Five Internal Elements equivalent to 100% of the monthly Cultivation.

Clearing Meridians
Gain Circulation True Qi equivalent to 100% of the monthly Cultivation.

Opening Sea of Qi
Gain Internal Energy ranging from 50% to 150% of the monthly Cultivation.

Adjust Form to Awaken Qi
Shift Five Internal Elements ranging from 50% to 150% of the monthly Cultivation.

Qi Passes Head
Gain Circulation True Qi ranging from 50% to 150% of the monthly Cultivation.

Filling Eight Veins
Consume extra Internal Energy to gain Internal Energy equivalent to 200% of the monthly Cultivation.

Washing Muscles and Bones
Consume extra Internal Energy to shift Five Internal Elements equivalent to 200% of the monthly Cultivation.

True Qi Surging
Consume extra Internal Energy to gain Circulation True Qi equivalent to 200% of the monthly Cultivation.

Unending Flow
Increases the amount of Internal Energy gained from Cultivation.

Clearing Meridians
Increases the amount of Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation.

Nourish Qi Through Spirit
Increases the amount of Circulation True Qi gained from Cultivation.

Continuous Breath
Randomly increases the amount of Internal Energy gained from Cultivation.

Relaxing Breath
Randomly increases the amount of Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation.

Using Meridians
Randomly increases the amount of Circulation True Qi gained from Cultivation.

Clouds Rising
Consume extra Internal Energy to greatly increase the amount of Internal Energy gained from Cultivation.

Heavenly Harmony
Consume extra Internal Energy to greatly increase the amount of Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation.

Clear Mind
Consume extra Internal Energy to greatly increase the amount of Circulation True Qi gained from Cultivation.

Metal Qi
If during Cultivation practitioner's Internal Element is a non-conflicting "Metal", the practitioner's Internal Element will no longer change.

Wood Qi
If during Cultivation practitioner's Internal Element is a non-conflicting "Wood", the practitioner's Internal Element will no longer change.

Water Qi
If during Cultivation practitioner's Internal Element is a non-conflicting "Water", the practitioner's Internal Element will no longer change.

Fire Qi
If during Cultivation practitioner's Internal Element is a non-conflicting "Fire", the practitioner's Internal Element will no longer change.

Earth Qi
If during Cultivation practitioner's Internal Element is a non-conflicting "Earth", the practitioner's Internal Element will no longer change.

Hunyuan Qi
If during Cultivation practitioner's Internal Element is a non-conflicting "Hunyuan", the practitioner's Internal Element will no longer change.

Earth to Metal
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Earth" to "Metal" shift.

Water to Metal
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Water" to "Metal" shift.

Wood to Metal
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Wood" to "Metal" shift.

Water to Wood
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Water" to "Wood" shift.

Fire to Wood
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Fire" to "Wood" shift.

Earth to Wood
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Earth" to "Wood" shift.

Metal to Water
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Metal" to "Water" shift.

Wood to Water
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Wood" to "Water" shift.

Fire to Water
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Fire" to "Water" shift.

Wood to Fire
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Wood" to "Fire" shift.

Earth to Fire
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Earth" to "Fire" shift.

Metal to Fire
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Metal" to "Fire" shift.

Fire to Earth
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Fire" to "Earth" shift.

Metal to Earth
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Metal" to "Earth" shift.

Water to Earth
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Water" to "Earth" shift.

Stabilize Mind
Remove the effects that were already active during Cultivation, and restore a certain amount of Willpower based on the number of eliminated effects.

Return to Origin
Remove the effects that were already active during Cultivation.

