R3
The palm set is made with the word "Qiao", focusing on force and subtlety, but slightly less swift ......
clumsy
Made of "awkward" palm set, extremely heavy, subtle and extremely poor ......
Qian
The palm set is made with the "Qian" technique, focusing on swiftness and force, slightly less sophisticated ......
坤
A palm set made with the "Kun" technique, focusing on subtlety and swiftness, with slightly less force ......
The palm set is made with the word "trick", extremely heavy and swift, with very poor force ......
The palm set is made with the "awkward" technique, which is extremely heavy and delicate, and extremely fast and poor ......
The palm set made with the "Qian" technique is extremely heavy and swift, with very poor force ......
The palm set made of "kun" technique is extremely heavy and subtle, with very poor force ......
Front
Casting swords with the word "sharp", focusing on subtlety and swiftness, with slightly less force ......
Weight
With the word "heavy" forging the sword, extreme gravity, swift and extremely poor ......
D5
Casting swords with the word "hide", focusing on force and subtlety, slightly less swift ......
Rui
With the word "sharp" to forge a sword, extremely heavy and swift, subtle and extremely poor ......
blend
Casting swords with the word "Rong", focusing on force and swiftness, slightly less subtle ......
Quick
Casting swords with the word "spirit", extremely heavy and subtle, with very poor force ......
Casting a knife with the word "sharp", focusing on force and swiftness, subtle and extremely poor ......
Casting a sword with the word "heavy", extreme gravity, swift and extremely poor ......
Casting swords with the word "hide", focusing on force and subtlety, with extremely poor swiftness ......
With the word "sharp" to forge a knife, extreme gravity, subtle and extremely poor ......
Casting a sword with the word "fusion", the first force of the Tao, slightly less subtle ......
Casting a knife with the "spirit" technique, the first force of the path, the swiftness is slightly inferior ......
hold
The word "hold" is used to forge the long armament, the extreme force of gravity, subtle and extremely poor ......
cut
Casting long soldiers with the word "felling", the first force of the Tao, slightly less subtle ......
R1
Casting long weapons with the word "use", focusing on force and swiftness, slightly less subtle ......
D1
Casting long weapons with the word "Xiu", focusing on force and subtlety, slightly less swift ......
The word "hold" is used to cast the long armament, the extreme force of gravity, swift and extremely poor ......
The word "felling" is used to cast a long soldier, the first force of the Tao, slightly less swift ......
Casting long weapons with the word "use", the first priority is swiftness, the force is a little less ......
Casting long weapons with the word "cultivation", the first focus on subtlety, slightly less force ......
Break
Treasures made with the "Pioneer" technique can resist the fierce poison ......
Chemical
Treasures made of "chemistry" can resist cold poison ......
Raw
Treasures made with the "raw" technique can resist rotten poison ......
STR
"Powerful solid God abundance by the phantom dragon", the treasure made of the word "power" can help enhance the Strength ......
CON
"Powerful solidity and divine abundance to chase the illusionary dragon", the treasure made of "solidity" can help strengthen the body ......
AGI
"The treasure made of "God" can help enhance Agility ......
INT.R
"The treasure made of the word "Feng" can help to induce qi to rush through ......
SWI
"Powerful solid God abundance by phantom dragon", the treasure made by the "by" trick can help enhance the swiftness ......
FIN
"The treasure made of "illusion" can help enhance the subtlety of ......
MIG
"Powerful solid God abundance by phantom dragon", the treasure made of "dragon" skill can help enhance the power ......
sparse
Treasures made of "sparse" can resist depression poison ......
Activity
Treasures made of "living" techniques can resist red poison ......
Ning
Treasures made with the "Ning" technique can resist phantom poison ......
COM
"Gnosis and the Way of the Gods and the Air", the treasure made of "Gnosis" can help to enhance enlightenment ......
VIT
"Realization of the Law and the Way of the Gods and the Air", the treasure made of the "Law" can help to strengthen the roots and bones ......
WIL
"Gnosis and the Way of the Gods and the Empty", the treasure made of the word "harmony" can help to enhance the determination ......
Dao
"The enlightenment of the law and the way of the Gods and the void", the treasure made of the "Tao" can help to switch weapons ......
nano
"The treasure made by the "Na" technique can help to adjust the breath and exhale. ......
"Gnosis and the Way of the Gods", the treasure made of the "God" technique can help enhance the Int. Pen. ......
Kong
"The treasure made from the "empty" technique can help the internal energy to perform ......
Feng
The "wind" trick to make crown jewelry, help dodge ......
Yu
The word "rain" is used to make the crown ornaments, which help to unload the force ......
Misty
The word "fog" is used to make the crown ornament, which helps to Parry the trick ......
Yun
Crown ornaments made of "clouds" can help reduce trauma ......
Crown ornaments made of "cloud" can help reduce internal injuries ......
Shoes made of "wind" to help dodge ......
The word "rain" is used to make shoes that help to unload the force ......
The word "fog" is used to make shoes, which helps to Parry the trick ......
Footwear made of "cloud" to help reduce trauma ......
Cloud" made of footwear to help reduce internal injuries ......
Just
Made of "rigid" armor, extremely heavy to protect the body, can greatly reduce external injuries ......
Rou
The word "soft" is used to make clothing and armor, focusing on body protection, which helps reduce trauma ......
Made of "wind" armor to help dodge ......
The word "rain" is used to make the armor, which helps to unload the force ......
The word "fog" is used to make clothes and armor to help Parry the moves ......
Clothes and armor made of "cloud" can help reduce trauma ......
The "rigid" technique is used to make clothing and armor to protect both the body and qi, helping to reduce external and internal injuries ......
The "Soft" technique is used to make clothing and armor, focusing on the protection of Qi, which helps to reduce internal injuries ......
Clothes and armor made of "cloud" technique can help reduce internal injuries ......
The word "wind" is used to make the wrist and arm to help dodge ......
The word "rain" is used to make the wrist and arm, which helps to unload the force ......
Wrist and arm made of the word "fog" to help Parry the move ......
The "cloud" technique is used to make the wrist and arm to help reduce trauma ......
The "cloud" technique is used to make the wrist and arm to help reduce internal injuries ......
Zheng
Master Zhengjin Formula, which helps treat traumatic injuries ......
The main Zhengjin formula helps to dissolve red poison ......
The main positive gold side, helps to strengthen the External Defense ......
The main positive gold side, helps to enhance the force ......
Master Zheng Jin Formula, helps treat internal injuries ......
The main Zhengjin formula helps to dissolve depression and toxicity ......
Mainly positive gold side, helps to enhance the Internal Defense ......
Main positive gold side, helps to enhance attack speed, weapon switching ......
The main Zhengjin formula, which helps regulate internal energy ......
The main Zhengjin formula helps to dissolve cold toxins ......
The main positive gold side, helps to enhance the unloading power ......
The main positive gold formula helps to enhance the subtlety of ......
The main positive gold formula to help restore health ......
The main Zhengjin formula helps dissolve phantom poison ......
The main positive gold side, help to enhance the demolition of the move ......
The main positive gold side, help to enhance the speed of movement, steady pace ......
The main positive gold side, helps to enhance the speed of lifting Qi, the speed of the frame ......
The main Zhengjin formula helps to dissolve the decay poison ......
Main positive gold side, help to enhance the dodge ......
The main positive gold side, helps to enhance the swift ......
Mainly positive gold side, help enhance the Int. Pen. ......
The main Zhengjin formula helps to dissolve the strong poison ......
Mainly positive gold side, help to enhance the speed of the performance, to draw the qi to rush off ......
The main positive gold side, help enhance the Ext. Pen. ......
T6
Prescription strange use, help enhance the force of ......
Remedies wonder use to help treat traumatic injuries ......
Prescriptions for strange use, help to resolve the red poison ......
Prescriptions wonder use, help enhance the External Defense ......
Bias strange use, help enhance attack speed, weapon switching ......
Prescriptions wonder use, help to treat internal injuries ......
Remedies for strange use, help dissolve the depression poison ......
Prescription strange use, help enhance the Internal Defense ......
Paradoxical use, help enhance the subtle ......
Remedies of strange use, help to regulate the internal breath ......
Remedies wonder use, help dissolve the cold poison ......
Prescription strange use, help enhance unloading power ......
Prescription strange use, help to enhance the speed of movement, steady pace ......
Prescriptions are used in a strange way to help restore health ......
Remedies used in a strange way to help dissolve phantom poison ......
Bias strange use, help to enhance the demolition ......
Prescription strange use, help enhance the swift ......
Bias strange use, help enhance the speed of lifting Qi, frame speed ......
Remedies are used in a strange way to help dissolve putrefactive toxins ......
Bias strange use, help enhance dodge ......
Prescriptions for strange use, help enhance the Ext. Pen. ......
Prescription strange use, help enhance the Int. Pen. ......
Prescriptions for strange use, help to dissolve the strong poison ......
Bias strange use, help to enhance the speed of execution, lead the qi rushing off ......
