W·White oak
White oak is a common tree, growing in the north and south. Its texture is hard but rough, a little polishing can be fine, and it is prone to insect damage, so the objects made are difficult to use for a long time.
W·Iron pear
Iron pear wood, also known as Guaiyang wood, hard and heavy texture, can resist corrosion and insects, can be said to be the best of the ordinary wood. Because its table has a unique texture, and a slight luster, the ancient people often use this wood manufacturing furniture.
W·Sycamore tree
Zhuangzi" has a cloud: "the phoenix hair in the South China Sea and fly in the North Sea, non-wutong more than". Wutong sex spirit, know when to know the order, the phoenix inhabited, is a more precious species of trees, its wood is light but firm, the system also with the nature of the wood, and still with the spirit.
W·Tower beech
Beech wood is slightly red after ten years and has blood in its roots after one hundred years, so it can be called "blood beech". The wood is shaped like a mountain range, and when it meets in one place, it looks like a pagoda, hence the name "pagoda blood beech".
W·Scented redwood
Tianxiang mahogany is an extremely valuable wood, without sufficient sky light will not be able to grow, rare, non-noble people can not use. This wood has two differences, one, its heartwood is light yellow, exposed to the light will become purple-red, the second, its quality with fragrance, into the night more, people chanting that "the night sky fragrance floating down".
W·Flower pear
Huanghuali was born in the south of the barren cold evil slope, growth has more scars, but therefore the texture of the harder, texture more strange, was listed as one of the four famous woods in the sea. And if you want to a thousand knots, more need to heart material wide enough, to be made in heaven and earth.
W·Obsidian sandalwood
Rosewood grows very slowly and cannot be made for hundreds of years. Its texture is firm and its grain is slim and indistinct, and there is a saying that "an inch of rosewood is an inch of gold". It is the best of the rosewood, purple and dark, light color, seemingly golden light, in the old days only the emperor can get, the Tang emperor Wu Zetian had this wood coffin buried parrot.
W·Bamboo
"The bamboo is named after the bamboo shoots that Meng Zong cried for his mother during the Three Kingdoms period, and it is an ordinary bamboo with a hollow texture that can often be used as a container or woven for daily use.
W·Earth vine
The ground pulse wuteng is to take the wuteng ground wood teng with, this wood with the ground twisted twisted, soft and tough texture. Its shape can often reflect the feng shui of a place, the best ground vein wuteng early and undulating, like a swimming dragon.
W·Cyan Bodhi
According to legend, the Buddha attained the righteousness under the Bodhi tree, and when people see the Bodhi tree, they often have visions of it. The bodhi tree is soft when it meets hardness, and its branches can be shaped to grow on the ground.
W·Dragon root
Can only be found in the feng shui dragon point place, where the trees are subject to the gas, occasionally have the essence of the ground, and the birth of the dragon pan roots, the shape of the majestic winding like a dragon lying down. If you look for the dragon pan roots, you need to have the virtue to view the gas of the tree, digging its root end, not more, fear the wrath of the dragon.
W·Entangled wood
Knotty trees are born in the mountains, with straight and long branches and lateral nodes. The one with a hundred thousand knots is the oldest branch in the knotty wood, and it is hard to find one everywhere in the mountain. This wood can result in a thousand shapes, and the more you play with it, the more red it is with light, very noble.
W·Peach wood
According to the "Mountain and Sea Scriptures", "Kua father and the sun away, the road thirsty and died, abandoned his staff, turned into Deng Lin", his hand holding the staff is transformed into a living peach wood forest, but after thousands of years, living peach wood has been turned into the great wilderness everywhere, mixed in the abrupt peach trees. Live peach wood effect can suppress disasters and ward off evil spirits, can kill the king of ghosts, the world often to ordinary peach wood cover up the system of charms to deter evil spirits.
W·Amethyst bamboo
Purple bamboo is the spirit of divine creatures, only by the spirit of the call born on the stone, stem, branches, leaves are purple-red. Nine-bend purple bamboo is the most unusual, born to the sky, but the branches are twisted and looped, like a snake, according to legend is the spirit of despair between heaven and earth, this bamboo made of things, can attack the human heart.
M·Iron
"It is the best of all iron in the world." The steel is imported from foreign countries, and it is made by melting all kinds of iron, and it has a pattern of grinding, so it is often used for swords because of its hard quality.
M·Steel
Quercus charcoal mixed with sand iron into the low-temperature blast furnace, extract impurities less and get jade steel. There are complex textures on it, and the cast swords are sharp and exquisite, and if they are struck by ordinary iron swords, the iron swords are "broken in two by the body".
M·Mountain iron
This iron is to take one hundred of the gold and iron contained in the hundred steep mountains, mixed and melted, it is said that one hundred percent of crude iron can only get one point of fine iron, the craftsman recorded as "each forging weighs, a forging a light", because of the hundred forging, so the name "hundred Yue fine iron".
M·Obsidian
Black and light, rare as if gold, is the gold. This material is not very high temperature can not be refined, hard and not afraid of fire, and because of its heavy quality, the body is difficult to use weak, only the strength of the person can manage.
M·Meteorite iron
The cold iron is taken from the deep sea, some people say that this iron is fallen from outside the sky. It is cold and austere, the pattern is delicate and not earthly, it needs to be cold forged to retain its texture, and the finished product is also cold, which can be called strange.
M·Pentachrome iron
"The first judgment of Hongmeng Tao Rong iron, the Great Yu gods pro set", this iron because of the dyeing of immortal gas and psychic, rare in the world, but met with a destined person, it will be light cloak colorful, rui Qi soaring. This is a spiritual thing, personality will be strong, the cast objects are born with a powerful, sharp and unstoppable.
M·Mythic iron
The star got the air of the sky, meteoric and into stone, fell on earth, through the changes of millions of years, and contains the "sky and earth" theory, named Xuan iron. Its iron is not iron, the color is dark and far away, the sex is unfathomable, can cut iron like mud, has the ability to absorb the poisonous gas of concealed weapons.
M·Copper ore
Copper ore from the mountains, coarse refining, you will get yuan copper, still have impurities. Its color green and yellow, brittle, striking a pleasant sound, can be made of bell, fou and other things.
M·Silver
Mirror silver is commonly seen, often used as currency in the old days, can be called "silver". Because of its white, polished and shiny, also called "mirror silver", rich and noble families occasionally use silver mirror, more clear than the copper mirror.
M·Violet gold
Purple gold is born naturally, and is taken naturally. Its color is purple in gold, with the image of "purple energy coming from the east", which can be used as a proof of wealth and prosperity. The more it is worn and used, the more shiny it becomes, making it a good material for jewelry.
M·RuYi copper
Ruyi Bao copper is soft and tough, and can often be shaped according to the mind of the craftsman, hence the name "Ruyi". This copper is dark yellow and bright, and if it is finely carved and polished with the lingzhi pattern of clouds, it shows its brilliance and is known as auspicious.
M·Lion gold
Take the gold in the purest, because no impurities, it will show golden brilliant, such as the golden lion fur color, so called "lion gold". Gold is precious, the lion gold is more rare, to burn the fire, not change its shape and color.
M·Glow silver
"The moon shines on the three peaks, the colorful haze flies all over the sky", this silver is not silver, the dark room is white, the daylight changes color, transformed into twelve colorful haze shine around. Gorgeous and unusual, or the gods left on earth.
M·Gold essence
"The cicada shell is refined by ancient swordsmiths to remove all impurities in the texture. Its color is gold with red, bright and luminous, if it is thin, it is more like cicada shell that can be seen through other things, if it is made into objects, it contains a transcendent ethereal atmosphere.
G·Black onyx
Black onyx is an ordinary chalcedony, which can be extracted from mountains, rivers and stone forests. Its hard texture, black and moist, is said to have the purpose of warding off evil spirits, so it is often used as jade ornaments, and there is a verse praising: "I wish the light of the precious pearl, shining all over the great world.
G·Ruby
"The ruby is red in color, half an inch long, pointed at the top and rounded at the bottom, and the light shines for tens of steps, and can be accumulated to burn a tripod. Its light shines clear and transparent, and when illuminated by light, the light is transparent and folded, which is very unique.
G·Cyan gold
The color of lapis lazuli is like the blue sky, and there are scattered gold flakes hidden in the quality, like stars, which can also be named as Qing Dai. According to records, in the old days, "the emperor's dynasty with its decorations, the altar of heaven with lapis lazuli", the cover of the stone for the heavenly majestic image.
G·Ghost opal
Cat's eye stone, produced in Nanfan, is as good as wine, with a white line like a cat's eye. The cat's eye with ghost pattern is a yellow, red and black zigzag pattern of the cat's eye, when viewed in the light, it looks like a ghost's eye open and closed, as if with the fury of indestructible.
G·Diamond
In Jin, the "Jiju" has recorded: "diamond in gold, a hundred panning can cut jade", the quality of the diamond can cut jade, for the world's rare hard things, often used for jade grinding, diamond is made of this stone. Because of its hardness can be called the first of all stones, a hundred evil can not invade, and has the name of "ward off evil".
G·Mythic Azure
"A bit of green sky, a thousand sounds in the blue fall", the rumor is that this stone is an immortal from the clouds thrown down, color such as clear high sky, remote and deep, and color at any time to turn, day and night are different colors. If to the aura of the place, more can lead to the surrounding jade LinLiang echo, pleasant to the ear.
G·Heavenly jade
"The stone is born when Pan Gu opened the heavens and was illuminated by the divine light at the beginning of Hong Meng, and has divine power, if used properly, into a soldier also has the ability to pass through the gods. God shines the stone in different shapes and colors, there are millions of faces, people shine it into millions of shapes table, but do not know its true color.
G·Water jade
From the water and out of the water, like water jade, the "Shanhaijing" repeatedly recorded, said Luoshui, Weishui, etc. more out of water jade. It is also called water jade, with warm and moist quality and magnificent color, which is mostly chanted by the world.
G·Emerald
"Fei, red-feathered bird also; Jade, green-feathered bird also", Jadeite the name of the bird, because the jade color like its bird has red, green and other bright colors and named. Later people do not see this bird, only this name called jade.
G·Milky jade
Sheep's white jade is as white as truncated fat, flawless quality, luster as fat dyed, known for its warmth and delicacy, is the evidence of etiquette, "Yi" said "modest gentleman, warm and moist as jade", is to compare people to this jade.
G·Crystal
Xijing Miscellaneous Records: "Miscellaneous side five-color glaze for the sword box." The five-color glaze is made of bronze casting by-product stone after dozens of refinements, and if you are not careful, you will lose all your work. Its color flowing clouds Li color, its quality is transparent crystal, legend has it that Tao Zhu used the treasure basin is made of five-color glaze, the world to glaze as a treasure to attract wealth and wealth.
G·Dark jade
Legend has it that when dragon's blood is splashed on the jade, the color of the blood does not fade and is hidden in the jade, making it a dragon's blood jade. Although the dragon blood contains poison, but the poison with the jade, only the auspiciousness of the air remains, carry this jade not only feel warm, more may be able to turn good fortune.
G·Cold jade
Cold jade is cold like ice, but does not melt, is the Arctic touch dragon refining ice and snow made. People touch it will feel the bone cold, but if you can endure the cold, this jade can suppress the heart and blood, adjust the root of the person, in the body and mind is very beneficial.
G·KunLun jade
It is taken from the top of the ten thousand feet of the Kunlun Market, the top of the Guizhou to get the light of the stars, and by the Western Queen Mother point jade and live, Kunlun Qiu this jade to build twelve jade building, immortals live in it. This jade occasionally one or two karmic inflow into the earth, is a rare and unattainable thing.
C·Tiger fur
The tiger hunter stripped the skin of the tiger, removing the blood and dirt to get the tiger clothes. Because the tiger is brave and tiger clothes also show brave and rugged, tiger clothes in the Warring States period often used as a warning, "raise the tiger skin on the head of the pole, so that the soldiers see as a defense.
C·Mink
Purple mink coat is the king of fur, made of purple mink skin. The fur is fine and solid, thick and moist, and the wind blows more warm, and the snow does not moisten it, so it is both warm and luxurious.
C·Python scale
White python is an ordinary snake to get the spirit and transformation, the body contains poison, take the white python scales need to act carefully in order not to die. White python skin tanned leather, white color like snow, with patterns on the broken scales, soft and tough, impervious to water and wind, thin and beautiful.
C·Fox fur
The Book of Xuanzhong: "When a fox is fifty years old, it can change into a woman, and when it is a hundred years old, it can become a beautiful woman, a divine witch, and can know what is going on outside a thousand miles. It is said that the fox fairy is cunning and has the ability to charm people, and wearing clothes made of fox fairy clothes can make people soft and charming and loved by others.
C·Phoenix feather
"bright luan and phoenix posture, floating gods and immortals", luan and phoenix feathers is the immortal bird luan and phoenix feathers, its color or gold or red, can be in the dark room light, take the luan and phoenix feathers of fine embellishment into the garment, the garment is light and can float, luminous, seems to contain immortal gas.
C·Dragonbone
Legend has it that Nezha drew the dragon tendons on the backs of the three sons of the dragon to use as belts, and then the dragon palace was angry and flooded the Chen Tang Pass, this tendon refers to the dragon back gold tendons. This thing through the holy superhuman, the sword can not be cut, fire can not burn, gas can not be destroyed, the tendon through the thread of the clothing, then the world can not destroy the person.
C·Mythic Cicadaskin
The so-called "golden cicada shedding", the golden cicada regeneration is not the old days, the transformation of God to immortality off the mortal fetus. It is soft and tough, with golden light, and can be worn on the body to keep the body from decaying and to nourish the body and mind, so that it can transcend the mortal body.
C·Linen
Collection of field jute, composting hemp washed and fished out, you can get Xiuwen jute. Tough, rough quality, onyx meaning, the poor commonly used this hemp woven cloth clothing, is the "Jing Hairpin Cloth" of cloth.
C·Cotton
With cotton and brocade interwoven from the brocade cotton silk, can be dyed in various colors, set of bright luster and comfortable kissable in one, soft texture, often can be worn inside the inner wear, can be used for a hundred. This fabric needs to be taken care of from time to time, or shrinkage.
C·Blossom silk
All flowers and herbs are beneficial, so we can get this silk by taking soft and non-toxic silk threads of 100 kinds of flowers and herbs. It is soft and cool, with an aroma that can attract butterflies to make clothes, and if you take herbs and flowers, it can benefit your body and mind.
C·Gold silk
Take the Xuan gold a thousand hammering and refining Xuan gold silk, soft and tough, woven into clothing, then the sword can not phi, concealed weapons can not be close, the use of defense is excellent. And its gold dazzling, shimmering in the light, very beautiful, the value is very expensive.
C·Silver silk
The silk spit by the ice silkworm, silver light, cold air forced. This silk is cold to the touch, woven cloth is even colder, worn against the skin, ordinary people can not win its cold, so it is often used in other things, can clear the mind and calm the mind, practice benefits. Because of its unique efficacy, the practitioner much like, but difficult to find.
C·Blood silk
The blood of the cuckoo falls on the flower, like dew, and the flower grows with the wind, red as blood and shining with light. The silk is also colored with blood, which is worn on the outside and nourished on the inside, so that it can contain all the joy of the person and all the sorrows of the heart, so that the mind can be concentrated without suffering from the world.
C·Sky-silkworm silk
Heavenly silkworm spitting silk exhaustion and died, this silk collection of the essence of the heavenly silkworm, is the world's greatest treasure. Its quality is transparent, color overflowing light, to soft to tough to hard, if for protection, it is a hundred harmless, if for weapons, it will destroy the heart and break the veins, there are spiritual things.
F·Egg
Eggs are one of the most common ingredients, with a hard shell that cannot be eaten, but the egg white and yolk inside can be eaten. They are cooked by everyone from the royal family to the common people.
F·YunYing chicken
Yunying is a rooster that has not yet crowed or a hen that has not yet laid an egg, also known as a child chicken.
F·ShaoXing duck
Produced in Shaoxing, because of its hair color hemp brown, feathers on the spot mixed, and got the name "hemp duck". This duck has a flat beak and thin neck, full rump, not only tasty, more tonic effect, meat, feathers, eggs are medicinal, can be called "the pearl of birds".
F·Goose
Geese and geese with special gray and black plumage, is domesticated from the wild goose, so more than ordinary geese are strong and good hunger, a poem once said "hungry intestines hope a full, ow with geese and geese". Its meat is fat and tender, unique flavor, is the best of the ingredients.
F·Blackbone chicken
Most of the black-boned chickens are clad in silver silk feathers, with black skin, flesh and bones, known as "white phoenix", and there are prescriptions for this in the Tang Dynasty, known as "white phoenix pill". Its nature is nourishing, both for medicinal purposes, but also for meat, but also ornamental, can be called the ten whole birds.
F·Quail
The quail is as small as a fist, born in the middle of the barren grass and short trees, feeding on grass seeds and berries. Its meat is soft and fragrant, with the effect of "forgetfulness", but it is difficult to find, and the amount of meat is small, so if you are lucky enough to get this, it can only be a delicious taste, but not for a full stomach.
F·Blue peacock
"The blue peafowl's tail feathers are so bright and golden that they are often sung. And extremely valuable, the mountains and rivers for a hundred miles hard to find a, if the opportunity, may be able to see in the depths of the forest. Therefore, only for chanting ornamental, although rumors of its delicious, but also few people cooking.
F·Rabbit
The hare is mostly grayish yellow and commonly runs in the wilderness. Small head, long ears and short tail, tender and tasty meat, frying, stir-frying, roasting and stewing are all desirable.
F·Mountain hog
Mountain pigs are black and brown in color, clad in bristles, with prominent short snouts and small, shiny eyes. They often feed on the roots of the ground with their noses arched, and they are very fierce in groups of three or five, which makes them rich in size and game.
F·Eastern goat
East mountain sheep wool black bright, two horns outside eight, only drink the cliff spring, rest in the rock cave, extremely sensitive. Its meat pop and dense less stinky, thin skin fat light fat not greasy.
F·Blossom snake
This snake is non-toxic, feeding on rats and birds, with a green body and red spots, resembling a hundred flowers, hidden in caves. Its taste is salty and sweet, soft and sinewy, and can also be used medicinally to nourish the liver and kidneys.
F·Deer
Plum blossom deer because the body has white spots, like plum blossom and named, is the pure Yang longevity of things. The deer are beneficial to people, or boiled or steamed, or preserved, eaten with wine are beneficial, and the food is tender and delicious, fine and tasty, is the choice of food.
F·Elephant trunk
According to "Taiping Guangji": "Zhuanzhou many wild elephants, small and red tusks, the most can be for wat. Chaozhou people may catch the elephant, and compete to eat its nose". Elephant meat twelve kinds, each segment, only the nose is the original meat, fresh and soft, also known as elephant pluck.
F·Black bear
The black bear is tall and heavy, eating grasses, fruits, insects and animals, and if a person encounters it, he or she may be eaten by it. However, its taste, especially the palm of the bear has a taste, glutinous and fatty, fishy but not smelly, need to be cooked by a good chef to get the best taste, the ancient king of Chu like to eat the palm of the bear, until death, once said "once it is cooked and eaten, although death is not hate!
F·Wheat
It is a common cereal that is planted everywhere. At first, the wheat grain is green like grass, and can be collected when the wheat ears are golden and drooping. It can be ground and eaten, made into cakes, biscuits and dough, or brewed to make wine, which is delicious.
F·Soya bean
The ancient name is beans, also known as soybeans. Chewed with a slight milky aroma, common people often eat, as the "Tan food bean soup" of nourishment, there are "in the field of the meat" of the name. It can also be ground into bean curd and soy milk, and made into tempeh and soy sauce, each with its own flavor.
F·Mushroom
"The mushroom is a mushroom born in the rotten soil of the mountains, and it has a delicious taste. It is also a good food. It is also used to supplement the gas and food, which is worthy of the name of mountain treasure.
F·Asparagus
Asparagus in the most tender, like green jade mingled creamy white, named "jade asparagus". Asparagus should be born in the rain, fishermen's hands picked and peeled, fresh and sweet, crisp and tasty, often with the fish fresh beauty, there is a poem said "Dixie shoots shad Fang have taste, hate no good guests together cup plate".
F·Lotus
Tribute lotus is the best lotus, often used as a tribute to the court, is the Dongting Lake specialty of the pink and white lotus seeds, each white full, color like gelatin. They smell like lotus blossoms and are cooked for a short time, and they are soft and sweet, making them very appetizing.
F·Ginkgo
It is commonly said that "Ginkgo becomes when the side geese arrive", this is the fruit of ginkgo, which becomes in late autumn when the geese fly, golden and fragrant just to eat. When cooked, the sweetness is slightly bitter, bitter with fragrance, the aftertaste is endless, unusual. However, it is slightly toxic and should not be consumed in excess.
F·Hericium
Monkey head mushroom resembles a monkey's head, soft and tender, and grows on top of dead trees in high mountains, which can only be seen after autumn rains in cold places. It is famous for its rarity and medicinal and food uses. If you eat it regularly, you may be able to avoid all kinds of diseases.
F·Grass fish
Grass carp is a herbivorous fish, good at moving and swimming, tasty and thorny, and can be caught everywhere. Its price is low, and there are many ways to cook it, such as boiling, steaming and grilling.
F·Shrimp
Green shrimp can be seen in rivers and lakes, its body can be bifurcated into the head and tail, often abandoning the shrimp head and eat shrimp tail. Raw transparent body, visible organs, after cooking several shrimp meat milky white, sweet and delicious. Once it spawned, it can also take its extra-abdominal shrimp seeds sauce, a special flavor.
F·Carp
They feed on earthworms and small insects between the rocks. They have a small thorax and lots of meat, and are tender and less prickly. It is said that in the old days, women in a certain area used to choose their husbands based on the number of carp they caught.
F·Crab
The "Ling Table Recorded Differences": "red crab, yellow red paste inside the shell, such as chicken and duck yellow, white meat, and paste in its shell", the beauty of the red crab, the beauty of the crab yellow, only the most full of the female crab yellow can be called red crab, shell chewing paste, the taste is endless. The male crab or female crab that is not fat, can only be called meat crab for frying.
F·Weever
The world's bass are two gills, only Songjiang bass four gills. The four-gill bass has a large mouth and fine scales, tender and fat meat, white as snow, fresh but not fishy, no fine thorns, the taste of fresh and beautiful. The four-gill perch is the most famous in Xiu Ye Bridge, which is called "Jade Fish".
F·Abalone
Net abalone is the king of abalone, its shape is like a sharp egg, its color is dark brown and white, and the abalone is as soft and smooth as pearls, rich and fresh, which is a delicacy that the rich people can taste occasionally. It is also said that "it is hard to buy two-headed abalone with a thousand dollars", and the two-headed abalone is only two per catty, which is of high quality and price.
F·Dragonfish
"meat not for the strange bone most strange, transparent agate broken glaze", sturgeon sturgeon, also known as sturgeon fish, mouth like a plow-shaped, body clad in sharp bones, bone color like jade, strange as the dragon, the old days only the emperor can eat. This fish has a great taste, the fish flesh is melted in the mouth, all over the body taste, effect are different, are delicious and good nourishment, the world's only this fish can lead to "a fish into a seat".
A·White oak carving
White elm carving knife work simple, clear texture, more sensitive things for the pattern, or carved butterfly, or carved white rabbit, and the outside of the white lacquer to prevent insects, more beautiful and lovely.
A·Iron pear carving
Iron pear wood carving color date red, such as water waves, fine texture, slightly fragrant, often carved as a robust monkey shuttle between the mountains, vivid as life.
A·Sycamore tree carving
The phoenix paulownia carving can last for dozens of years and immortality, color shades, such as the feathers of birds; often carved in the shape of a phoenix, taking the meaning of a hundred birds flying together.
A·Tower beech carving
The pagoda blood beech carving is often carved in the shape of a sweat-blooded horse, lacquered with red lacquer, red as blood, smoothly shaped, with heavy rivers and mountains carved under the hooves, as if the day horse travels a thousand miles.
A·Scented redwood carving
Tianxiang mahogany carving clear fragrance through the bones, often carved as the image of Liezi Fengxu imperial wind, Liezi to the heart to harness the shape, the vast unknown stop, or said: "things I forget, the human exhaustion".
A·Flower pear carving
Thousands of knotted huanghuali carving into the hand light, often for the golden-winged bird like, rumor has it that this bird can eat 500 dragons a day, fierce and swift; and more wood boils on it, different patterns, interesting.
A·Obsidian sandalwood carving
The golden rosewood carving purple color near the ugly, see the golden light, texture fine, incense can be condensed, often as the shape of the Kun Peng, this bird can be "absolute clouds, negative blue sky", the morning swim in the North Sea, the evening to the South China Sea.
A·Bamboo contexture
Mengzong bamboo weave is made of gabions, its quality is hollow, the bones are well-defined, cool as the breeze, with this decoration, can forget the mundane, is the ancient and modern hermits love.
A·Earth vine contexture
It is made of soft and tough spirit wood, its color is black and its shape is like a dragon, so it can be used as an ornament to identify the feng shui of a place and help cultivation.
A·Cyan Bodhi contexture
Bodhi means wisdom and enlightenment. The green linden branches are woven with green shoots, which are varied in shape, like the thoughts of a person; there must be a main branch to pull, symbolizing the heart of wisdom.
A·Dragon root contexture
The dragon is a natural beast, the longest of the scales and insects, the material used for weaving the dragon's bones and blood, its shape is winding and coiled, like a cloud of winding, rumored to complement the root of the human bone.
A·Entangled wood contexture
This wood is made of rare and exotic wood, with complex knots, changing shapes and red light when playing with it, which is said to be planted by immortals and can pass through the human joints.
A·Peach wood contexture
It is said that in ancient times KuaFu died chasing the sun, his staff turned into DengLin, live mahogany weave tainted with the aura of DengLin, containing the great power of KuaFu, the Golden Crow divine light, can remove all evil spirits and dirt.
A·Amethyst bamboo contexture
Nine curves of purple bamboo weave natural, its color purple-red, quality like crystal, shaped like a human meridian, hidden light flow, rumored to have a divine essence boarding on it, can help people transform.
A·Iron Badge
Politics iron iron painting is a strange painting made of gold and iron casting, gray lines, complex patterns, often used as the painting of the mountains and rocks, a few can be fake, with this decoration, or can get the firmness of the mountains and rocks.
A·Steel Badge
Jade steel painting is made of cast iron, hard texture, painted with elk walking through the forest, full of business, straight lines and less jagged, most of the painting is written.
A·Mountain Iron Badge
Baiyue fine iron iron painting is made of gold and iron forging, its quality is thin, light weight, artisans mostly painted cattle and horses with it, spirited, vivid strokes, smooth lines.
A·Obsidian Badge
Ugandan iron painting is cast in gold and iron, the texture is extremely heavy, not afraid of fire refining, often painted with rhinoceros bull; bull is an ancient fierce beast, it is said that its armor is stronger than gold and stone, its life can have a hundred years.
A·Meteorite iron Badge
Heavenly cold iron iron painting is gold and iron to build, often painted with elephant, elephant is the southern beast, force more than a hundred cattle, as high as a small hill; its texture is concave and convex like elephant skin, as if the work of creation.
A·Pentachrome iron Badge
According to legend: "the Southern Dipper note life, the Northern Dipper main death", five-color divine iron iron painting is painted with iron juice, painted on the six stars of the Southern Dipper, when the divine light, surrounded by immortal gas, floating unlike earthly things.
A·Mysterious iron Badge
The painting is made of gold and iron, and is painted with the image of the Queen Mother of the West, who is said to be the god of the West and holds the medicine of immortality.
A·Copper ore String
Yuan copper wire is gold and iron wire pinched, welded and made, more do rose-shaped, this flower stem barbed, people thought wild nature, so alias "wild guest".
A·Silver String
Mirror silver wire has a faint luster, soft texture, easy to shape, and the craftsmen like to save as a new shoot breaking through the ground, to take its strength can penetrate the stone meaning.
A·Violet gold String
Purple gold flower silk light from the implication, not afraid to polish, often woven for the tiger, eagle, bear and other fierce beasts of the head, full of energy, but also exquisite.
A·RuYi copper String
As a result, the brass filigree is gorgeous, with a cloud pattern, shaped like a shark, this fish was born in the sea, skin hard teeth, is a hegemony in the water, often harming a party.
A·Lion gold String
The lion gold flower silk to take the gold silk made of mythical beast, it is said that this beast is one of the nine sons of the dragon, can travel 500 miles a day, to tiger and leopard for food, brave and fierce.
A·Glow silver String
Twelve colorful silver filigree is made of pile, save, fill, welding and other techniques, with Li Guang to stone as a tiger, its arrow in the stone no arrowhead story, in the daylight can be released in the way of light, gorgeous.
A·Gold essence String
The cicada shell fine gold filigree is extremely light, thin and translucent, made of precious gold and iron, and the pattern on it can be changed with the rotation of the sight, depicting the ancient hero Hou Yi shooting the tenth day with his bow, with great vigor.
A·Black onyx Inlay
Black agate inlay color black, luster warm, often carved as a human eye shape, it is like a person closed eyes, quiet as the night, not a thing.
A·Ruby Inlay
The ruby inlay is bright and clear, shaped like a flame, in the Buddhist sense of burning away all troubles with the fire of samadhi; it is warm in the hand and stabilizes the mind.
A·Cyan gold Inlay
The lapis lazuli inlay is rounded in shape, like the heaven and the earth; there are dots of gold light on it, flickering, as if seeing the stars running in the dome, remote and lofty, the ages are everlasting.
A·Ghost opal Inlay
The ghost pattern cat's eye inlay is round like a chess piece, with a three-color pattern on it, shaped like a vertical pupil, which is rumored to be the eye of a ghost god, and those who are not strong-minded are often afraid of looking at it and cannot look at it directly.
A·Diamond Inlay
The diamond inlay is so hard that it is like a vajra heart, which is hard to destroy; its light is so bright that it is cut, and it is said to strengthen the mind and ward off evil spirits.
A·Mythic Azure Inlay
The inlaid decoration of Qingxiao sacred stone is shaped like a rooster's son, and its color is easy to change at any time, as if the great road was born in the first heaven and earth, and the circumambulation is unfailing; its sound is harmonious and resounding, and it is the first of all jades, just like Taiyi Wanhua, which governs nature.
A·Heavenly jade Inlay
When the world looks at it, they can see the past as vividly as yesterday, and their thoughts are all over the place, and although they can't know their true appearance, they can see their own hearts.
A·Water jade bead
Water jade pendant beads are made of multiple small beads decorated with, moving like a stream of water, luster like water sparkling, to take the water colorless and tasteless, can accommodate the meaning of all things.
A·Emerald bead
Emerald pendant beads by two small beads into a joint, carved on the Yu Lin bird, named Jade, the so-called "male red said Fei, female green said Jade", this bird curious about things, see the beauty is happy.
A·Milky jade bead
Sheep's white jade pendant beads are round and lovely, and the beads are often engraved with wise things, such as monkeys, horses and nine-tailed foxes, which are flawless, just like the heart of a naked son, and the sky is full of enlightenment.
A·Crystal bead
The five-color glazed pendant beads are full of color, and are carved with the scene of Confucius' three wisdoms, which is the meaning of "reading a hundred times, its meaning will be seen", and also like "the book has its own golden house", the craft is exquisite.
A·Dark jade bead
Dragon blood ink jade pendant beads with red lines inside, rumor has it that the blood left behind by the beast, the world said that it can deter a hundred poisons, but also help people avoid disasters, such as spirituality from birth.
A·Cold jade bead
Cold jade pendant beads exquisite and small, extremely cold in the hand, pure and clear, no mundane objects can be with it, and there are rumors that can make a person's ears and eyes clear, transparent as ice, extremely rare.
A·KunLun jade bead
It is said that the Kunlun living jade pendant beads are made of jade used by immortals and have been enlightened by immortals, which is an unattainable object; its light is as bright as a star, which appears and disappears at times, so you can imagine the aura of immortals when you look at it.
A·Tiger fur fabric
Tiger clothing cloth made of the fur of the king of all animals, with black markings on the look of the chills, with this decoration, you can get the courage of the king of the beasts.
A·Mink fabric
Purple mink clothing cloth made of precious animal fur, warm color, can avoid the wind and rain, so that people look at it will have a warmth, not afraid of the enemy.
A·Python scale fabric
White python scale cloth is the essence of the spirit of the beast, the beast was born in the mountains, cultivating a hundred years before the spirit, this cloth is stronger than gold and iron, with this as an ornament, the fighting spirit is born.
A·Fox fur fabric
Fox fairy clothing method is rumored to be taught by immortals, the color or white, or gold, or gray, or red, beautiful and unusual, the mind, to be decorated, it is like entering the realm of no one, not afraid of all the dangers.
A·Phoenix feather fabric
Luanfeng feather cloth is said to be woven from the remains of the beast, once used by immortals, its hidden treasure light, tough and incomparable, with this as an ornament, it is like hearing the music of immortals, ears and eyes for a while.
A·Dragonbone fabric
According to legend, the dragon's back gold tendon cloth is the blood of immortal beasts, its color is transparent, golden light shining, it is rumored that water and fire can not enter, gold and iron can not be destroyed, is the world's strongest thing.
A·Mythic silk fabric
The cloth is made of gold silk and cicada shedding, which is tough and bright, and is said to be beneficial in making the flesh incorruptible after death and helping people to shed their mortal bodies when they are alive.
A·Linen fabric
Xiuwen jute cloth texture is clear, hard and rough texture, is one of the most readily available fabric, commonly used to wrap weapons and other things to reduce the force of the recoil.
A·Cotton fabric
The silk fabric is mixed woven, soft texture, delicate feel, beautiful pattern, lovely to look at, often used for wrapping or lining, can make people feel relaxed and happy.
A·Blossom silk fabric
Hundred flowers and herbs silk cloth is light and cool, cumbersome to make, and the fragrance is hidden, like a medicinal fragrance, with this as an ornament, can help people to regulate the yuan and benefit the essence, qi line without obstruction.
A·Gold silk fabric
Xuanjin soft silk cloth is more expensive than a hundred refined steel, soft and flexible, and seems to have a golden aura in the daylight, bright and indefinite, decorated to help people comb their meridians, moving freely.
A·Silver silk fabric
Ice silkworm silver silk cloth woven with exotic materials, such as ice in the hand, floating like snow, with this as an ornament, can lead the whole body power to resist it, with day and night to refine the work, precious and rare.
A·Blood silk fabric
The blood dew silk cloth flickers with spiritual light, with dots of red silk, rumored to be the blood of spiritual beasts, containing the seven emotions and seven bitternesses, with this decoration, can guard the heart and nourish the vital energy.
A·Sky-silkworm silk fabric
Silk cloth is the world's greatest treasure, only the immortal beast can get silk when it dies, its quality is extremely tough, both soft and hard, with the object and change, not bound to one, the flow of light on its spiritual movement, with this as an ornament, can make a hundred harm not invade.
H·Sambucus
Elderberry mostly grows in the southland, with slender finger-like branches and leaves, and bright red fruits, which have the effect of opening the meridians and activating the channels, reducing inflammation and eliminating blood stasis.\nCan be used to refine medicines for treating External Injuries or increasing Might.
H·Corydalis
Vodou Yanhuo, also known as summer without, has short leaves, flowers like spikes, and knotted grains under the roots, resembling golden beans, which can be used for medicinal purposes.\nCan be used to refine medicines for treating External Injuries or increasing Might.
H·Draconis Sanguis
The sacred wood blood exhaust is transplanted from a foreign country by a Hu people in Tang Dynasty, this wood is several feet high, there is sap under the skin, like dried blood, so it is called "blood exhaust", people eat its sap, can produce bone blood, stop pain.\nCan be used to refine medicines for treating External Injuries or increasing Might.
H·Millennium Reishi
"Yaoji, the daughter of Emperor Yandi, died and turned into ganoderma lucidum, and where it grows, cranes dance around it". According to legend, the thousand-year living Lingzhi is the spirit of Yao Ji turned into, its medicinal properties are close to God: people lick its surface, can produce blood and flesh, firm tendons and bones, people eat its flesh, can prolong life.\nCan be used to refine medicines for treating External Injuries or increasing Might.
H·Purple grass
"Through the green brocade embroidered purple pearl, the wind blowing tired Lin Ling sound". Purple pearl grass fruit is shaped like a pearl, the color is diaphanous purple, so it got its name, its leaves and roots have the effect of detoxification, stop bleeding. Its leaves and roots are effective in detoxifying and stopping bleeding.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Pyrotoxin or treating External Injuries.
H·Snow cattle grass
Snowy mountain nine cattle grass bathing in the snow, often "white ground blanket cold wind, a branch of green leaves vying for spring stay", its leaves like mugwort, mild and bitter, eaten to stop bleeding and heal injuries.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Pyrotoxin or treating External Injuries.
H·White rhinoceros horn
Book contains: "rhinoceros horn, foot Yangming medicine also. Stomach for the sea of water and grain, food and medicine must be subjected to the first, so the rhinoceros horn can solve all the poisons". White rhinoceros horn color and luster, smooth to the touch, external application can stop bleeding and bone, internal consumption can dissolve the poisonous potential.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Pyrotoxin or treating External Injuries.
H·Jade dew
"The dew falls on the Buddha's hand, and comes to the jade bowl and the Sheng Hua". When the dew is cold in autumn, the frosty dew falls on the Buddha's hand, and the two harmonize and differ, each having its own effect, or can heal the world's unhealable wounds, or can cure the world's unbreakable poison.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Pyrotoxin or treating External Injuries.
H·Millennium green
Qiannianjian grows in the shady and humid places in the mountains and forests of the Southland, with a strong and aromatic taste, which is unpleasant to smell for a long time. The locals often use its roots in wine, saying that it can "pass through the meridians, dispel wind paralysis, and detoxify external poisons".\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing External Defense or detoxing Pyrotoxin.
H·Hedyotis
According to legend, the purple flower snake tongue grass is a snake spirit into the antidote to poison grass. This herb has branches that cover the ground, resembling the body of a snake, and the flowers are purple and shaped like a snake's tongue, which can be eaten to detoxify snake poison.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing External Defense or detoxing Pyrotoxin.
H·Turtle shell
As the saying goes, "A hundred years old is a tortoise, a thousand years old is a spiritual tortoise. It is the shell of a thousand-year-old tortoise, and is classified as the best medicine by the people of the time.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing External Defense or detoxing Pyrotoxin.
H·NyuWa Stone
"In the past, Nuwa refined the five-colored stone to mend the sky and broke the turtle enough to establish the four poles". It is said that Nuwa's stone was left behind when Nuwa mended the sky. It was originally a sacred object from the ancient times and was later left behind on earth.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing External Defense or detoxing Pyrotoxin.
H·Tiger bone
Tiger bone, that is, the tiger's bone, has the effect of dispelling the wind and opening up the ligaments, and if it is used in wine, it can lighten the body and prolong the life and strengthen the body.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Might or increasing External Defense.
H·Dragongrass
When the flowers bloom, the branches and leaves are winding and the flowers are yellow like gold, so when you look at it from afar, it is like a golden dragon lying drunk, so it is named "Hanging Dragon Grass".\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Might or increasing External Defense.
H·Ape bone
"The reason why the ape lives, good to lead its end, it is why the gas four transitions." Although the old ape bone is a hundred-year-old ape bone, but the body is smooth, white as jade, just like the newborn young monkey bone, very strange.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Might or increasing External Defense.
H·Ruby turtle
"Outside the southern wilderness there are volcanoes, living in the red-bellied blood turtle, electric eye blood tongue, vermilion armor fire hyena". According to legend, the red-bellied blood turtle lives in the depths of the volcano, coexisting with the molten lava, with a body as hot as the fire of the sky and a turtle armor as hard as a rock.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Might or increasing External Defense.
H·Ginseng
It is written: "Make one person walk with ginseng, and another person walk with empty mouth for three to five miles, the empty mouth panting, but the breath of the person with ginseng is free". Ginseng has three maids and five leaves, with yellow flowers and red fruits, and human-shaped roots, which can be eaten to heal internal diseases.\nCan be used to refine medicines for treating Internal Injuries or increasing Attack Speed and Equipment Efficiency.
H·Purple incense
The heart of the purple and green descending incense tree is also purple and green, with a rich and fragrant flavor, and where it is born, it is often surrounded by bees and butterflies, which can be considered a wondrous sight.\nCan be used to refine medicines for treating Internal Injuries or increasing Attack Speed and Equipment Efficiency.
H·Black agarwood
Black jade incense grows in the coastal states, the trunk is black, the branches and leaves are luxuriant, the production is extremely rare, so sometimes there is "a tael of incense a tael of gold" said.\nCan be used to refine medicines for treating Internal Injuries or increasing Attack Speed and Equipment Efficiency.
H·Millennium snow ginseng
Thousand-year snow ginseng is born from the essence of heaven and earth, growing under the sky and on top of the mountains. Rumor has it that the roots and leaves of the thousand-year-old snow ginseng have miraculous effects, and its roots can bring back the old woman to life, and its leaves can heal internal diseases.\nCan be used to refine medicines for treating Internal Injuries or increasing Attack Speed and Equipment Efficiency.
H·Snake gallbladder
The green snake is green in color, slender in shape, and likes to curl up in a leafy place to keep cool. Its bile is mild and has the effect of detoxifying and activating the blood.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Umbritoxin or treating Internal Injuries.
H·Spicebush root
Gold-spotted aconite grows in shady and humid woodland, with three leaves and a root like a pike, black in color and mixed with gold spots, which can be eaten to clear all qi and eliminate depression.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Umbritoxin or treating Internal Injuries.
H·Dry toad
"The world's gold does not change, the highest peak of the Wu white jade toad". According to legend, the white jade toad grows on top of the highest peak of Wu Xian Mountain, the white sweat between its eyebrows, dispel poison like a god, transforming depression into empty space.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Umbritoxin or treating Internal Injuries.
H·Ginseng purpleking
According to legend, the purple jade ginseng has leaves for 100 years, flowers for 500 years, and fruits for another 100 years, and the roots can be dug only after the fruits fall. Its roots are lilac in color, jade-like and humanoid in shape, and can be eaten to "return the Yang energy to the dying, but the deficiency of evil in a moment".\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Umbritoxin or treating Internal Injuries.
H·Storesin
There is a book: "Suhe Xiang is from the western region and Kunlun, the country loves its fragrance, even planted". Suhe Xiang is the resin secreted by the Suhe Xiang tree, the color is like amber, the fragrance is like Zhilan, long smell can resolve depression and calm the alarm.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Internal Defense or detoxing Umbritoxin.
H·Night fog
The night mist stone is like a goose egg, dark in color, rivers and lakes can be found, if you grind on the water to take, can solve the depression and open the orifice, fix the heart and fix the qi.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Internal Defense or detoxing Umbritoxin.
H·Sandalwood incense
"sandalwood incense has several kinds, yellow, white, purple of different, of which the wick sandalwood incense for the first". Light heart sandalwood incense long thirty years, the trunk is born wood wick, burned with a strange incense, the end of the month does not dissipate, smell fresh and lovely, do not feel the relief of worries, floating to immortality.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Internal Defense or detoxing Umbritoxin.
H·Jade pool orchid
It is written: "Kunlun, which is more than 2,500 miles high, has sweet springs and Yaochi". Yaochi orchid grows in Yaochi, drinking immortal water and eating heavenly dew, with leaves like long swords out of their sheaths and flowers like birds spreading their feathers, and a fragrant body, which can eliminate the seven emotions and relieve the six depressions when smelled by mortals, and can serve the heart to protect the qi.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Internal Defense or detoxing Umbritoxin.
H·Frangipani
The original name of the flower is Yexie Ming, which was introduced from the West. This flower is snow white, fragrant and pleasant, often densely decorated with branches when the flowers bloom, very pleasing to the eye.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Attack Speed and Equipment Efficiency or increasing Internal Defense.
H·Soul peace incense
Requiem incense grows on the cliff face, its leaves have a strange fragrance, the smell of which makes you drowsy, however, if you eat its flowers, you can wake up and raise your energy, reach a hundred miles, and come and go peacefully in the cliff extremity.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Attack Speed and Equipment Efficiency or increasing Internal Defense.
H·Dragonwood incense
According to legend, when Emperor Qin Shi Huang was on a Zen meditation in Mount Tai, he saw a wood shaped like a yellow dragon and gave it the name "Huang Long Mu". The core of this wood is clear yellow in color and has a pungent aroma, so the locals call it "yellow dragon wood incense", which can be eaten to cure the blood does not honor the muscle.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Attack Speed and Equipment Efficiency or increasing Internal Defense.
H·Fragrant jade
"Cang Long died on earth, his heart and liver turned into jade, all things are sad to go, buried jade in the sky mountain". Heavenly fragrance jade stone turquoise color, clear body, texture like warm jade, strange fragrance is attractive, it is said to be the heart of the Canglong turned.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Attack Speed and Equipment Efficiency or increasing Internal Defense.
H·Red honey
The only place where red honey is available is in the mountains where flowers are found. This honey is made from a hundred flowers, red in color, fragrant than the group, sweet in taste, and has the effect of tonicizing the middle and moistening dryness.\nCan be used to refine medicines for regulating Inner Breath or increasing Finesse.
H·Deer blood
Jade deer blood, that is, the blood of the plum deer, horse deer, sweet taste and hot nature, can tonic deficiency, benefit the essence, people often drink it with wine, saying that it can be a great tonic, it is the "jade cup to pass wine and deer blood, the subjugation of the captives vowed to break the Hu border land".\nCan be used to refine medicines for regulating Inner Breath or increasing Finesse.
H·Mythic gallbladder
Book cloud: "There is a spirit snake in the south, swallowing elephants and eating whales". The white-fronted spirit snake is huge in size, curled up and resembling a mountain, winding and resembling a river, its guts are as small as gravel and its light is like a star.\nCan be used to refine medicines for regulating Inner Breath or increasing Finesse.
H·Snow lotus
The Tianshan Snow Lotus grows in the land of great cold, born in the cold wind, grows by drinking the water of snow melting, can only be born in a hundred years, the flowers are tingling and lovely, it is a legendary medicine of immortality given by the Queen Mother of the West to the Son of Zhou.\nCan be used to refine medicines for regulating Inner Breath or increasing Finesse.
H·Snake bone
The black-colored black snake often hides in the grass and farmland, and its bones have the effect of detoxifying and regulating the breath. Its bones have the effect of detoxifying and regulating the breath.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Cryotoxin or regulating Inner Breath.
H·Ruby clove
"The rain contains a sad state, the branches are decorated with jade Ying. For flowers more elegant eyes, change the name of the medicine in chaos". The red lilac is pinkish purple in color, the petals are delicate and soft, fragrant, resembling a red rosette, hence the name, to make incense, can ward off poison and remove obscenity, to make medicine, can warm the middle and warm the kidneys.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Cryotoxin or regulating Inner Breath.
H·Aconitum
"Aconite, with the same root as the aconite, in spring when the stem is first born with a brain, shaped like the head of a bird, so called aconite. Centennial aconite is mostly born in dense forests and empty valleys, with slender leaves, flowers like iris, and roots like the head of a bird, which can be eaten to remove the cold from the meridians and heal the internal organs.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Cryotoxin or regulating Inner Breath.
H·Dragonblood
The dragon is the longest of the scaly insects, and it is said that the blood of its heart will turn into dragon's blood dew when it falls to the ground, which is so hot and strong that it can turn the cold winter into three volts, so there is a poem that says: "The dragon splashes blood in the winter, and the cold white red scorched earth for a thousand miles.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Cryotoxin or regulating Inner Breath.
H·Lily
"The green pale darkly receives multiple leaves, the red and white compete to open the May cool". Everlasting lily is born in the valley, the leaves are green and slender, the flowers are pure white and elegant, the fragrance is strong, eating it can drive away the cold and dispel poison.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Diversion or detoxing Cryotoxin.
H·Liposomes
Strange fragrance spirit fat is cold insect dung mixed with sand and stone, mostly black, earthy yellow, the shape of different sizes, the whole body with a strange fragrance, a book contains its: "can move the qi to stop bleeding, cure the heart and abdomen cold".\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Diversion or detoxing Cryotoxin.
H·Roc blood
According to legend, the golden-winged roc lives on top of the sacred trees in the four continents and is named after its golden wings, which are tough and indestructible. The blood of the golden-winged roc is bright red and hot, and has the effect of "detoxifying the blood, enabling qi to reach, and supporting the root".\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Diversion or detoxing Cryotoxin.
H·Jade Bodhi
"There is a tree in the west, which produces fruits for a thousand years, and nine fruits of different colors and jade quality. It is said that the Buddha used to give lectures under the nine-colored jade bodhi tree, and after a long time, the tree was also dyed with Buddha nature, and gave rise to spiritual wisdom, bearing nine-colored jade bodhi.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Diversion or detoxing Cryotoxin.
H·Milkvetch Root
The roots can be used medicinally, as stated in the book: "Huang Qi is sweet in taste and mild in nature, and can be used in medicine to strengthen the spleen and stomach and relieve tiredness and fatigue".\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Finesse or increasing Diversion.
H·Emerald reishi
"The mountain air produces Lingzhi, the show is different and lush green". Emerald ganoderma grows in the rain, the branch is slender, the umbrella is emerald green, looking from afar is like emerald stone, eating it can cure the loss of qi and blood, the heart and mind weakness.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Finesse or increasing Diversion.
H·Azure jade
"In the mountain of Tangting, there is a stone, which is as glittering as water and as firm as jade, so it is called water jade". The color of azure water jade is like autumn rain at first clear, the quality is like jade glittering, long time to take can lighten the body long years, women love its beauty, men admire its effect, all can be ten thousand gold to seek.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Finesse or increasing Diversion.
H·Stone milk
"The dragon, the longest of scales and insects, ascends to the sky at the vernal equinox and dives into the abyss at the autumn equinox. Dragon saliva milk quality like flowing water, the body of gold, colorful glory, it is said to be the saliva of the dragon, there is to make rotten wood grow flowers, withered wood hair glory, sick bones re-flesh of the divine effect.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Finesse or increasing Diversion.
H·Snowy
Snow clam mostly lives in the forest, has a small shape and smooth body, and is used in medicine to nourish Yin and moisten the lungs, and to promote water retention and reduce swelling.\nCan be used to refine medicines for restoring lost Health or increasing MOV·Spd and Ext. Recovery.
H·Reishi grass
The book contains: "the gods serve lingzhi, light body flying method", lingzhi grass grows on top of rotten wood, resembling a wooden dun, eating it can be light and healthy, long serving is walking like flying.\nCan be used to refine medicines for restoring lost Health or increasing MOV·Spd and Ext. Recovery.
H·Iron ShiYan
Dendrobium ironbark has the reputation of "immortal herb" because it can "clear the five organs and balance yin and yang". This herb grows on wood and stone, and grows on the wall of ten thousand feet, and under its flowers and leaves, there are often mountains of dead bones.\nCan be used to refine medicines for restoring lost Health or increasing MOV·Spd and Ext. Recovery.
H·Human HeShouWu
The human-shaped heshouwu is born of the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, with a black and lustrous body, like the form of a child, the size of a young son's arm, and it is said to be a mountain spirit that can protect a hundred miles of woods.\nCan be used to refine medicines for restoring lost Health or increasing MOV·Spd and Ext. Recovery.
H·Pearl core
Mother-of-pearl is the shell of pearl shells, which can be found on the river bank and riverside, and people often use it as medicine, saying that it can brighten the eyes and clear the heart, and calm the mind.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Oneirotoxin or restoring lost Health.
H·Ruby Poria cocos
Poria parasitic on the pine root, set the pine wood spirit and the birth of Zhu Xin, it is called "Zhu Xin Fu Shen". Zhu Xin Fu Shen outer circle color pure white, the center of the red as blood, look at it, such as the cold plum in the snow, eat it can calm the lungs, heal the mind trance.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Oneirotoxin or restoring lost Health.
H·Icebrain
"Dragon brain, its fragrance for the crown of a hundred drugs." Lobster brain ice chips have a strong fragrance, dip it is dyed, dip the muscle into the body, penetrate the bone through the marrow, three months does not disperse, has the effect of calming the soul and fixing the soul.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Oneirotoxin or restoring lost Health.
H·Dark gastrodia
It is written: "Immortal formula has the heliotrope, a single shake Chi, a mother, the two grasses under the root such as taro kui". Mo Tian Ma is the root of He Li grass, for the immortal formula of the sacred grass, if contaminated with mortal dirt, it will change to ink color, so the name "Mo Tian Ma".\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Oneirotoxin or restoring lost Health.
H·Pepper
The branches and leaves can be used as medicine, either for tranquilizing the mind or for opening up the ligaments, both of which have miraculous effects.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Parry or detoxing Oneirotoxin.
H·Soul-awake flower
Soul-awakening flower mostly grows in the desert, the leaves are long and narrow, purple-red, like a meteor, born with a strange fragrance, if people in the desert hallucinations, smell its fragrance can calm the mind, so the flower also "drunk three rounds, wake up the soul" reputation.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Parry or detoxing Oneirotoxin.
H·Azure dragonbone
"Cang Long retreats from the bone and the charge, Xuan Leopard Phi fog and change". Cang Long bone that is the Cang Long remains of bone, this bone is huge and incomparable, celadon shades the sun, a thousand years rare, is the world's rare foreign treasure.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Parry or detoxing Oneirotoxin.
H·Coral
"The dragon lives in the sea, for the god of the wind and rain, where it lives, crystal walls, glazed tiles, coral forest. According to legend, the exquisite coral is the dragon palace immortal, born in the bottom of the sea 30,000 miles, its branches and leaves transparent as the moon surplus, touching a clear sound, can disperse all the illusions in the world.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Parry or detoxing Oneirotoxin.
H·Wild ginger
Wild ginger is shaped like ginger, growing in the wild, everywhere in the north and south of the world, its roots, leaves and flowers are edible, and can be taken for a long time to lighten the body and strengthen the qi.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing MOV·Spd and Ext. Recovery or increasing Parry.
H·Buck's young horn
Deer can be used as medicine, among which antler is the most precious. Deer antler is the young antler of the deer, where the essence of the deer is stored, and can be eaten to "give birth to blood and marrow and strengthen bones".\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing MOV·Spd and Ext. Recovery or increasing Parry.
H·Blood bird's nest
There are several kinds of bird's nests, but the red ones are called blood swallows, which are found on the stone walls of the sea. The blood bird's nest is shaped like a bowl, with the color of a pearl, and it looks like a vermilion bird on a cliff from afar, which can make the mind calm and healthy.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing MOV·Spd and Ext. Recovery or increasing Parry.
H·Amber Cardamom
"It is a good idea to see the sun in a hundred years, but the sun is strong and defeated. Amber cardamom is born in the warm sun, its color is clear, its texture is moist, just like amber, and its medicinal properties are just as soft as it is rigid, so it has the name of "earthly grass spirit".\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing MOV·Spd and Ext. Recovery or increasing Parry.
H·Ruby fruit
Vermilion fruit produces leaves in spring, flowers in summer, fruits in autumn, the fruit is round and red, eaten to produce fluid and stop bleeding, refreshing and relieving fatigue.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Inhale Recovery and Stance Recovery or increasing Swiftness.
H·Ghost grass
The fetal grass is attached to the rhizomes of grasses and trees, absorbing their nutrients and surviving, just like a toddler attached to its mother, hence the name "fetal grass".\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Inhale Recovery and Stance Recovery or increasing Swiftness.
H·Jade milk
"The king of the star palace pours out agaric syrup and turns it into jade dew liquid on earth". According to legend, jade dew and agarwood is the dew poured into the heavenly wine, its taste is aromatic and strong, dip it is drunk, so there is a common saying: "A drop of dew on the leaf, drunk for three or four years.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Inhale Recovery and Stance Recovery or increasing Swiftness.
flower in profusion
The flower is white and fragrant. According to legend, when a person's heart is overloaded with obsessions and regrets, the flower will appear in his heart until his heart is covered with the flower, so that he can live peacefully without complaints or regrets.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Inhale Recovery and Stance Recovery or increasing Swiftness.
H·Lead pill
Lead Dan is black in color, and turns red when it meets water. It can be eaten to dissolve corruption and clear the mind, but it is toxic and should not be taken more often.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Necrotoxin or increasing Inhale Recovery and Stance Recovery.
H·Worm ghost-arrow
"The stem has straight feathers and many insects, resembling arrow feathers and spear blades for self-defense, so it is called hundred insects and ghost arrows". Hundred insects ghost arrow grows in the mountain wilderness, the branch is straight and slender, and there are ants and insects perched on it, so when cutting it down, you need to apply insect repellent medicine to avoid suffering from insects.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Necrotoxin or increasing Inhale Recovery and Stance Recovery.
H·Hell mortar
Yan Wang ghost mortar five years to produce a stem, both withered then a mortar, withered and reborn again for a mortar, until the birth of ten mortar, then you can pick its fruit and eat, eat it can be removed from the rotten poison, new muscle, people said it: "can compete with Yan Wang a life".\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Necrotoxin or increasing Inhale Recovery and Stance Recovery.
H·Black-back silver-toad
"The blood of the silver toad is a true miracle that cleanses the mortal mind and opens the eyes of the Tao. According to legend, the silver toad with the back of a crow is born in the moon and grows by eating the laurel, which is a very clear and cold thing in the world, and wherever it goes, all the poisons are dispersed.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Necrotoxin or increasing Inhale Recovery and Stance Recovery.
H·Hibiscus
Drunken hibiscus flower color is variable, the first bloom of white in green, noon when pure white flawless, after the sunset delicate pink dripping, like a beauty drinking wine of drunkenness, so a poem said: "poet first flower product, unique number this for drunkenness".\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Evasion or detoxing Necrotoxin.
H·Geranium
The leaves of Tianzhu Buddha Seat overlap and the flowers bloom between them, just like Buddha sitting in a lotus flower, so it is named "Tianzhu Buddha Seat", and the local people often pick its young leaves and dry them for medicine, saying that it can activate blood circulation, detoxify and reduce swelling.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Evasion or detoxing Necrotoxin.
H·Cyan phoenix blood
The "Mountain and Sea Scriptures" reads: "West Mountain Scriptures and 220 miles west, said three dangerous mountain, three green birds live in it". It is said that the Green Luan has a good heart and will take its own blood to detoxify and heal people when it sees that they are ill.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Evasion or detoxing Necrotoxin.
H·Golden silkworm
"Mia Luo country mulberry, the branches of the coiled and bent, over the ground, on which there are silkworms, four inches long, golden color". The golden silkworm is born in Mira, golden in color, smooth to the touch, and where it is located, grass and trees can return to spring, thriving to thrive.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Evasion or detoxing Necrotoxin.
H·Crushed magnet
Broken silver ci stone is mostly black and silvery white, hard and magnetic, if it is used in medicine, it can pass through the joints and clear the ears and eyes.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Swiftness or increasing Evasion.
H·Sky-cyan
"Hollow green stone, mostly born in places with copper, due to copper fumigation and hollow green, its belly hollow". The hollow green stone looks like a prune, the color is very bright, the stone's belly is hollow, if there is water, eat it "to benefit the nine orifices, blood vessels".\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Swiftness or increasing Evasion.
H·Agate dew
"Agate is a floating dew, not a mortal thing on earth". The most spiritual of human beings is agate, the most pure of mortal dust is clear dew, agate clear dew is shaped like agate, quality like clear dew, is formed by the clear dew in agate, it is a rare and unobtainable thing.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Swiftness or increasing Evasion.
H·Heat-wing-cold-cicada
According to legend, the blazing feather cold cicada hibernates underground for a hundred years, until winter, its life does not see the sunrise, but the wings like the red sun blazing; death does not see the toad moon, but the body if the glitter over white, so there is also the name "sun and moon intertwined".\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Swiftness or increasing Evasion.
H·Calamus
Nine-section calamus grows between water and rocks, with slender leaves and roots like bamboo joints, smells fragrant, and can be applied externally and taken internally, externally to cure sores and ringworm, and internally to strengthen the body.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Internal Penetration or increasing External Penetration.
H·Worm grass
Silver thread wormwood, winter in the soil, the body live as old silkworms, to the summer is out of the soil, even the body all into grass. Silver thread wormwood body brown, back silver white, as thin as silk, so named.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Internal Penetration or increasing External Penetration.
H·Snow bear's gallbladder
The snow bear lives in the extreme north, and its bile is black for ten years, brown for another ten years, and yellow for another ten years, until it is full for fifty years, then the bile turns into gold, which can be eaten to nourish the lungs and fix the surface, and benefit life and prolong life.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Internal Penetration or increasing External Penetration.
H·Sarira
The Book of Wei contains: "The Buddha both thanked the world, incense wood burning corpses. The bones were broken into pieces, the size of a grain, and were called 'relics' in Chinese. It is said that the relics are made from the bones of Buddha's nirvana, containing the supreme virtue of Buddha, and can be eaten to obtain "Buddha's divine power".\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Internal Penetration or increasing External Penetration.
H·Bezoar
Rhinoceros yellow, also known as cow yellow, is a gallstone that grows between the liver and gallbladder of cattle, with an earthy yellow color and a bitter taste followed by a sweet taste, which can be eaten to clear the heart and eyes, remove wind and detoxify.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Acritoxin or increasing Internal Penetration.
H·Black bear's gallbladder
"apricot pulp new wo burn bear meat, strong wine and drink with bear bile". Black bear bile is the black bear's gall bladder, cold in nature and bitter in taste, if taken with wine, it can drain poison and disperse agitation.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Acritoxin or increasing Internal Penetration.
H·Solanum nigrum
It is also known as "Centennial Dragonflower", which is made from the alienation of dragonflower after growing for a hundred years, and when eaten, it can reach the body and search for evil, and produce spiritual energy in the eight veins.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Acritoxin or increasing Internal Penetration.
H·Snake molt
"Deep in the mountains, the snake is born, and its skin turns into a dragon and flies into the true sun. According to legend, the heavenly snake lives in the deep mountains and swamps, shedding its skin once a hundred years, and turning into a dragon in a thousand years, the skin it sheds is the "heavenly snake shed", also known as "dragon clothes", which is the most Yin thing.\nCan be used to refine medicines for detoxing Acritoxin or increasing Internal Penetration.
H·Musk
"The musk is like a small elk, with an aromatic umbilicus, called musk. The musk was born in the mountains and forests, resembling a deer or a deer, and its glandular sac smells fragrant and can be used as medicine, so it is called "musk".\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Cast Speed and Int. Recovery or detoxing Acritoxin.
H·Golden incense
Golden aromatic herb leaves like eyebrows, flowers like green spikes, smell the fragrance. This herb is sweet and warm, eaten to eliminate food down the gas, blood detoxification.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Cast Speed and Int. Recovery or detoxing Acritoxin.
H·Century Poria cocos
"Sixty years for a cycle, a cycle called the flower A". Flower A Poria that is growing a hundred years of Poria, its shape such as sweet potatoes, as large as a rice bucket, the outer skin of earth yellow rough, pure white smooth inside, eaten to benefit life and prolong life.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Cast Speed and Int. Recovery or detoxing Acritoxin.
H·Golden peach
The Book of the Gods and Goddesses: "There is a tree in the northeast, named peach, eaten by people know life". According to legend, the golden mother peach tree is planted by the Golden Mother, the tree is 50 feet high, the leaves are eight feet long, five hundred years a fruit, fruit diameter of three feet two inches, if people eat it, immediately ascend to the upper world, not hindered by the mortal body.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing Cast Speed and Int. Recovery or detoxing Acritoxin.
H·Parasite
Parasitic insects are parasitic on the bodies of birds and animals, resembling maggots and as small as gravel, which can be dried and drunk with tea to regulate qi and broaden the middle.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing External Penetration or increasing Cast Speed and Int. Recovery.
H·Sycamore snake
Wutong blood snake shape slender, red color, like to inhabit in the wutong flowers, from a distance, it is like the pistil in the flower, the local people often cooked with wutong leaves to take, said to be able to tonic qi and blood.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing External Penetration or increasing Cast Speed and Int. Recovery.
H·Gold-skin lizard
The Golden Phi Lizard lives at the bottom of rivers, with a golden body, just like the sun, "can spit hail and pray for rain, good at passing waterways", and it is rumored that wherever it lives, there is no dry weather for a thousand miles.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing External Penetration or increasing Cast Speed and Int. Recovery.
H·Python gall
The "Mountain and Sea Scriptures - South of the Sea Scriptures" contains: "Ba snake eating elephant, three years out of its bones, the gentleman served, no heart and stomach disease. According to legend, Ba Python for Fuxi genus from, 8,000 feet long, green head black body, raw bile and human heart the same.\nCan be used to refine medicines for increasing External Penetration or increasing Cast Speed and Int. Recovery.
H·Zhen's feather
"Hemlock is also the name of a bird. This bird can eat snakes, so it gathers all kinds of poison in its body". The hemlock feather is the feather of the hemlock bird, which is dark purple in color and contains slight poison, and when the wine is stirred with it, the wine will also contain poison.\nCan be used to refine Acritoxin poison.
H·Thunder vine
Leigong vine climbs high trees and can be seen in valleys, streams and forests, with red branches and green leaves, flowers like umbrellas, fruits like beans, and roots that can make poison.\nCan be used to refine Acritoxin poison.
H·Divine grass
The grass has rounded leaves, yellow fruit, bitter taste and poison, the original name of Ma Qian Zi, after the "Southern Tang Dynasty after the Lord served it, but dozens of times before, head and feet on each other, such as the machine like", so there is a "machine" name.\nCan be used to refine Acritoxin poison.
H·Soul down grass
Because the five deadly fallen soul grass is extremely poisonous, the people of the time will be the ancient life of the five deadly theory of this grass, saying that it is: "short life on earth," "not allowed to see white head"; in the person: "chest blood-stained clothes ", "there is no way to escape"; when the "death into the ghost town".\nCan be used to refine Acritoxin poison.
H·Apricot spider
The apricot yellow spider is shaped like a yellow apricot, golden yellow in color, and contains severe poison. This spider is most toxic in winter when it lays its eggs, so the place where it lays its eggs is surrounded by human and animal corpses. \n can be used to refine a strong poison poison.
H·Gold snake
The "Ling table record of the different": "southern land has a gold snake, thick as a large finger, a foot long, scales and armor with gold and silver". The golden snake is highly poisonous, and the venom it ejects can kill people from a few feet away, so that people can't defend themselves and avoid it. \n can be used to refine a strong poison poison.
H·Broken grass
According to legend, Shennong tasted all kinds of herbs, but his life was lost under the broken intestine grass. Broken intestine grass toxicity is very strong, the entrance of poison, straight into the abdomen, can turn the liver and intestines into an inch, so there are words: "rather taste the world's 10,000 kinds of poison, not a leaf of Broken intestine grass". \n can be used to refine a strong poison poison.
H·Grass aconite
Cao Wu Tou is found in Jiang Zuo and Shan Nan, its leaves resemble bird feathers, flowers resemble goose heads, blue and purple, and can be found in forest shrubs, either for medical treatment or poison, all have miraculous effects. \n can be used to refine yu poison poison.
H·Acacia
"The red bean grows in the south, a few branches in spring, advise you to pick more, this thing is the most lovesick". Acacia leaves like feathers, opposite each other, the seeds are brightly colored, contains a strong poison, eaten then feel chest tightness and shortness of breath. \n can be used to refine the poisonous poison.
H·Killer bee
The purple centipede bee lives around the wetlands, and when it sees animals and people, it swarms and attacks them. \nIt can be used to make poisonous medicines.
H·Ghost Rhododendron
According to legend, after the death of Du Yu, the ancient monarch of Shu, he turned into a cuckoo bird and cried for blood, and a ghost mother cuckoo grew out of the blood drops. It is a different species of azalea, where it is born, the surrounding flowers and plants will also be poisoned, so it is named "ghost mother". \n can be used to refine yu poison poison.
H·Centipede
Hundred-eyed centipede back with varying sizes of white spots, from a distance as if a hundred eyes, hence the name. This centipede toxicity is strange, if its poison, then the heart and lungs are more than a few months of pain, pain, life is worse than death. \n can be used to refine yu poison poison.
H·Rainbow worm
The seven-colored jade sarnies are transparent, and often feed on bright and poisonous flowers and plants, so the flowers and plants of a hundred colors set in its belly, flowers and plants of a hundred poisons flow in its body, look at the overflow of color and light, touch is death. \n can be used to refine yu poison poison.
H·Evil flower
According to the "Shanhaijing", "the country of Guanche is located in the east of Zai Guo, and its people have a trick in their chest". According to the legend, after the death of a person in the country of Guan Che, flowers are born in the chest orifice, and the flowers have no color but have a strange fragrance, which makes the smellers feel sad without worry, fear without terror, fear without fear, and anger without anger. \n can be used to refine yu poisons.
H·Arsenic
The frost grass grows in the valleys of the Northland, with long, thin leaves and frost on top. It only exists in winter, and when the snow melts in spring, it will melt away like frost and snow. \n can be used to refine cold poison poison.
H·White snake gall
The white snake is one foot long, snow-white body, like to eat snow and ice, its gall is moist and white, such as jade, so it also has a "jade gall" name. \n can be used to refine cold poison poison.
H·Yin stone
Where the extreme yin and cold places, can be seen Xuan Yin stone. Xuan Yin stone is formed because of the convergence of cold gas and stone, size varies, when encountering heat is scattered, into gas into poison, so you can not touch the hand. \n can be used to refine cold poison poison.
H·Icy-jade toad
The cold jade toad feeds on snow lotus, so it can often be seen in places where snow lotus grows. The cold jade toad is blue-white in color and lovely in appearance, and the warts on its back and the mucus under its feet are highly poisonous, and people and animals are victimized by touching them. \n can be used to refine cold poison poison.
H·Icy scorpion
Xuan ice pipa scorpion in the fall in the lake to lay eggs, the lake into thick ice in winter, the young scorpion will break the ice out, therefore, the body of the Xuan ice pipa scorpion was born with cold poison, where its line and where to, regardless of the heat and cold, are covered with frost and snow. \n can be used to refine cold poison poison.
H·Dragon gall
The "Chronicle of the different": "five hundred years of the viper into a dragon, a thousand years into a dragon, dragon five hundred years and for the horned dragon. Green auger shaped like a pale dragon, four feet without horns, can raise clouds and rain, its Dan gathered in the cold water cold and born, where everything touched immediately frozen. \n can be used to refine cold poison poison.
H·Millennium icy-silkworm
History: "the highest peak of the mountain named Huanqiu, there are ice worms seven inches long, with horns and scales, covered with frost and snow". According to legend, the thousand-year-old ice silkworm is born from a Yin extremely cold place in Huanqiu, its shape like a silkworm, transparent, with cold poison, people said it: "Xuan Yin condensation does not obscure its cleanliness, Xuan ice cold not with its poison". \n can be used to refine cold poison poison.
H·Red stone
Red letter stone is brightly colored, varies in size, smooth in appearance, brittle and soft in texture, and contains slight poison, which can be used to make poisons. \n can be used to refine red poison poisons.
H·Blood seal
The tree is tall and sturdy, with thick leaves and milky white sap, which is highly poisonous. Local people often stain its sap on the arrows, then the hit person immediately killed, so the name "see the blood to seal the throat". \n can be used to make red poison poison.
H·Best vermilion
The leaves are wide, opposite each other, with a bright red color, and from a distance it looks like a red flower, very dazzling. \n can be used to refine red poison poison.
H·Blood scorpion
Red-blooded spotted scorpion grows in the desert, the back has red spots, mixed, as if blood drops and become, its cheeks, scorpion tail are highly toxic, touching it is like being burned by fire. \nIt can be used to make red poison.
H·Peacock gall
Peacock gall is the gall bladder of the king of peacocks. In order to protect the flock, the peacock king often feeds on poisonous insects and snakes, so the gall bladder is highly poisonous and turns red after its death. \n can be used to refine red poison poison.
H·Poinciana
Phoenix wood grows on the top of the mountains, spring leaves, like a phoenix feathers, flowers in summer, as bright as the crown of the phoenix, looking from afar, just like a phoenix clouds, eaters face like gold paper, the internal organs are burned to charcoal. \n can be used to refine red poison poison.
H·Blood toad
According to legend, the blood toad will appear only when the flood breaks out. The blood toad lives in the water, the color is red, horrible appearance, the whole body contains poison, the water where it is often a bright red, like a sea of blood, creatures into it will die. \n can be used to refine red poison poison.
H·Zombie worm
Carrion insects live mostly in graves and tombs, feeding on human and animal carrion, black in color, as small as flies, body has a strange odor, see the carrion is gathered, smell angry is scattered, extremely difficult to catch. \n can be used to refine rotten poison poison.
H·Python saliva
Belly snake saliva is the saliva of the belly snake. The head of the belly snake is triangular in shape, several feet long, with different colors, and the saliva contains poison, which is painful to the victim. \n can be used to make corrosive poisons.
H·Plague grass
Scattered plague grass leaves shaped like a duck's palm, the back has a white star, the stench is unpleasant, rumor has it that where this grass grows, the surrounding people and animals will be infected with the plague, hence the name. \n can be used to refine rotten poison poison.
H·Zombie liquid
Xuan corpse water that is human and animal corpses rotting out of the corpse oil, sticky texture, greenish-black color, the odor is puffy, touching the skin will produce black spots of different sizes, very horrible. \n can be used to refine rotten poison poison.
H·Marrow-devoured worm
The worm likes to live in the bone marrow of humans and animals. When the worm is a larva, it burrows into the foot bones of humans and animals, and sucks the bone marrow from the bones and goes up to the skull through the leg bones and spine. \nThe larvae can be used to make corrosive poisons.
H·Hades python bone
The "Mountain and Sea Classic - the sea within the scriptures" contains: "within the North Sea, there are mountains, named the mountain of the Youdu, black water out of it. On it there are Xuan birds, Xuan snakes, Xuan foxes fluffy tail". The black water snake lives in the deepest place of the black water of Youdu, which does not see the sun all year round, and its body is poisonous and can corrupt everything. \n can be used to refine corrosive poisonous poison.
H·Millennium cyan spider
Thousand-year-old green spider is the "most sacred" of the Five Immortals religion, the body is turquoise, like emerald stone. This spider is incredibly poisonous, even if the body dies, the poison is also inexhaustible, so there is a saying: "the green spider has the ultimate poison, haunting the soul of 500 lives". \n can be used to refine corrosive poison poison.
H·Oleander
The branches of the oleander are slender and tough, the leaves are shaped like willow leaves, and the flowers are delicate and fragrant, which are pleasing to the eye, but they are poisonous throughout and inedible. \n can be used to refine Oneirotoxin poison.
H·Manjusaka
The other side of the flower is not seen when the leaves are born, and the leaves are not seen when the flowers bloom, so it has the name of "other side". It is said that this flower is planted in the underworld, the eater can dream of all kinds of past lives. \n can be used to refine Oneirotoxin poison.
H·Soul bind silk
"The boy is a tree, the concubine is a silk lover, and the silk lover is born on the tree". The soul-binding silk is attached to the trees and the leaves have a strange fragrance, the smell of which makes the person's mind unsettled, as if he is taken away from the soul. \n can be used to make Oneirotoxins.
H·Marijuana
"Winter is slow to come, but also to learn from the cold plum blossom golden face". Golden slack flower shaped like a bird, as small as a grain of rice, sweet taste, with a strong poison, eaten by the mind and confusion, as if crazy. \n can be used to refine Oneirotoxin poison.
H·Miasma
It is a miasma of blue and purple color around the wetland swamp, which can cause a person to dream of Nanke and not wake up from it. \n can be used to make Oneirotoxins.
H·Insomnia orchid
It grows in deep mountains and valleys, with a strange fragrance that is unforgettable to the smeller. The world has spent its whole life chasing its taste and would like to die under the flower, which is exactly the same: "I can't get it, I can't sleep, I can't sleep, I can't sleep, I can't sleep. \n can be used to refine Oneirotoxin poison.
H·Human face mandala
"The human face can be transformed into birds, animals, insects and grasses. According to legend, the human face mandala is because the human soul attached to the flower and the spirit of wisdom, transformed into a human face, its human face is different at times, there are happy, angry, sad and a hundred kinds of attitude, eat it is born sad, happy and a thousand kinds of feelings. \n can be used to refine Oneirotoxin poison.
H·King Poria cocos
Di Zhaogao language por flower with the sun and the moon, once raised by the yellow emperor in the Xuan Pu, after the phoenix pecked and withered, left on earth. Legend has it that this flower red leaves and fire stamens, non-to cold places do not grow, when the flowers bloom, a thousand miles can be seen in its beauty, ten thousand miles can smell its fragrance, is the flower of the gods. \n can be used to refine divine medicine.
Bamboo piece
The bamboo pieces left after repair the hut. 
