Zhen's Feather Wine
The hemlock bird is born from eating snakes and its feathers are highly poisonous. When hemlock feathers were used in wine, the wine was highly poisonous. Since the Shang and Zhou Dynasties, the emperor often used hemlock to kill his ministers, and the phrase "drinking hemlock to quench thirst" refers to this wine.

Instant Death Pills
Instant Death Pill is made from a variety of poisonous herbs simmered and concentrated, its color is green and black, the smell is strong, if mixed with strong wine to take, the affected person can die immediately.

Wind and Thunder Pill
The wind and thunder pills are usually one gold and one silver, the silver pills are wind and the gold pills are thunder, the toxicity is extremely fierce, the person who is hit is like being blown by the wind and thunder.

Convulsion Drug
The smell of the medicine with aromatic fruit fragrance, but the taste is extremely bitter, is extracted from the poisonous substances made. Because the head and feet of the Lord of the Southern Tang Dynasty died of this poison, like the head and feet of the machine, the corpse is still convulsing, so it was named.

Hundred Exterminations Powder
This powder mixed with dozens of potent poison powder, and repeatedly refined by dozens of processes, where there are living things touched by its harm, if not to dispel, there is no room for survival.

Dragon Fury Pill
The Dragon Fury Pill is extremely toxic, but because the refining method is incomparably complicated, so each grain of the Dragon Fury Pill has a different potency, the pharmacist often assesses the poison by the nine sons of the dragon, although the same source of poison, but the quality is variable, only the fury is difficult to eliminate.

Egoistic Pellet
The pill is made by killing a hundred poisonous insects, supplemented by a thousand gold materials, and refined seventy-seven times to obtain a pill. No matter what kind of poison the victim is suffering from at the same time, this poison will attack first and kill the person, so it is called the Egoistic Pellet.

Ten Deaths Drug
"Nine deaths, there is still a chance of life, and those who take ten deaths, ten deaths and no life". Ten deadly medicine is the essence of poison, colorless and tasteless, a hundred buckets of poison can only be out of a point, ten to poison can only be out of a mill.

Intestine-breaking Powder
In the past, Shennong tasted all the herbs, but finally died because of the broken intestine grass, its liver and intestines are broken inch by inch, the death is extremely horrible. Broken intestines is to take the broken intestines grass mixed with Xuan gold powder refined from, Xuan gold powder into the body is difficult to transform, so there is no medicine to cure this poison.

Vein-cutting Powder
The pulse cutter is made of several kinds of poisonous herbs, its color is black and purple. If you are poisoned by this poison, it is difficult to detect at first, but over time, the veins and blood are difficult to move, and the heart is depressed.

Miasma Powder
The so-called turbid pandemonium is made by combining the waste and the poisonous pandemonium that causes disease. If this poison is blown in the air, it will become a black mist, and if people inhale it, they will be seriously ill.

Gentle Home
As the saying goes: "red powder love more pin Jun bone", tender home like red powder mist, sweet smell, the body weakness, can eat people's meridians, eliminate people's spirit.

Carelessness Pastry
Carelessness Pastry is made by refining and separating the sap of poisonous substances. The poison looks like sheep cake and smells like goat milk. If humans and animals eat it, they will feel sleepy, their whole body will be numb, their vitality will gradually become exhausted, and they will die from exhaustion.

Dragon-Binding Liquid
Dragon water colorless and tasteless, can make people drink unknowingly, in the limbs of the weak, the only way to fall down and captured. Legend has it that in ancient times, the Dragon's often used this water to tame the fierce nature of the dragon.

Power Scattering Powder
The so-called ten Chinese: spleen damage, stomach strain, lumbago, knee pain, foot swelling, vomiting, facial paralysis, lack of energy, salivation, and dissipation of gong. If a person is poisoned by this poison, he will suffer from ten kinds of illnesses and pains at the same time, and his fatigue will be unbearable, and his power will be dispersed.

Incense of Death
The fragrance of the incense death is quiet and elegant, extremely difficult to be detected, until the person breathing slowly, hands huddled in front of the chest curled up on the ground, smiling and died, bystanders will know that it is not good. This poison is strange and difficult to prevent, although the name is beautiful, but the poison effect is extremely appalling.

Jade Ribbon Powder
Jade Ribbon is a poison, but not a poison. Its toxicity seems mild, but it is actually poisonous to the heart and lungs, causing endless harm. It is like being bound by a jade belt, the poison is deepening but no pain, until the power is lost, there is no medicine to save, it is: "the row of mountains can still be defended, the silk can not be prevented from peeling cocoon.

Evil Incense
Extract the essence of the evil orifice flower, mixed with different exotic incense, stored in a pure bottle, can become a strange poison evil orifice incense. If you don't know what kind of incense is used in the preparation of this poison, there is no way to save it.

Fierce Cold Powder
The cold powder is made of cold frost grass, its shape is like white frost, cold to the touch. If you take it, you will be cold when you see the wind, and you will be shivering with bad cold.

White Cold Blood Pellet
Cold blood white pills white color like snow, cold and tasteless, hold it like a snow ball. If people take it, the blood veins gradually freeze, non-day in the boiling water can not live.

Tomb Yin Powder
"Xuan Hei Ling Yin, stinging insects cover the hide, grass and trees fall, against the winter frost". It is made by taking stinging insects from the extreme yin place and mixed with winter grass and cold stones. The body temperature drops suddenly, the mouth and nose freeze, the body is green mist, the face is covered with white frost.

Lingering Ice Crystal
Extract the essence of cold stone, can get exquisite ice crystal. This poison looks like ice chips, but can not melt in contact with fire, the body is frozen, the heat is dissipated, after death, the body is broken, as if the ice broke apart.

Nine Yin Powder
The so-called nine yin means extreme darkness, extreme yin and extreme cold. Nine Yin San is extremely sinister and poisonous, once it enters the body, it will turn into all the meridians of the person, if not dispelled at the same time, it will breed each other, and the consequences are endless.

Five Moon Poison Powder
This poison takes five poisons: centipede, poisonous snake, scorpion, toad and spider, extracting the essence and mixing them to make a powder, hence the name Five Poisons Powder. The first loss of vision, then loss of hearing, followed by loss of nose and smell, loss of speech, and finally stiffness and coldness, loss of consciousness, is an extremely insidious poison.

Seven Colds Removing Yang Pill
The Seven Cold and Absolute Yang Pills are divided into seven flavors: dou, niu, maiden, vain, dangerous, chamber, and wall. For each flavor of this poison, the poisonous power will be multiplied seven times, and the torment suffered will also be multiplied seven times.

Xuanming Powder
"Xuan Hei, the god of Tai Yin, palm ice and snow, the main kill, is also the home of the nine ghosts". Xuan Hei cream black color and texture such as ice and snow, its poison is extremely cold and vicious, no need to take food, as long as the skin is half stained will be able to kill people.

Ice Silkworm Cold Soul Pill
The Ice Silkworm Cold Soul Pill is as thin as a grain of rice, transparent and colorless, like crystal, and cannot be refined without a thousand-year-old Ice Silkworm. If this elixir enters human eyes, It will immediately dissolve and dissipate, leaving no trace left. When the poison takes effect, every meridian of the affected person will be as if bitten by thousands of ice silkworms, and he will become a disabled person from then on, which can be described as unspeakable suffering.

Red Stone Poison
A common poison in the jianghu, also known as Arsenic Poison, is made of red stone ground into powder in the mountains. In ancient times, courtiers used to hide it in the imperial pearl and use it to kill themselves in times of emergency.

Rakshasa Powder
Whether consumed or applied, Rakshasa powder will turn into poison when it sees blood, and the bleeding area will immediately fester, just like the flesh and blood being plucked out by the evil demons of Rakshasa.

Red Ascending Heavens Pellet
Ascension red pills red color like blood, when the poison is not only face up to the sky, mouth spraying blood, as if red mist ascending to the sky.

Inflammation Festering Powder
The scorpion and the poisonous herb are roasted separately and mixed to form a powder. If a person accidentally touches this poison, the skin will instantly ulcerate, and high fever, ordinary medicine can not be treated.

Blood Tears Drink
The blood of rare and poisonous animals is used to make a blood drink, which looks like light red jelly. Once you drink it, you will first bleed from the mouth and nose, and then weep blood from the bottom of your eyes, until all seven orifices are destroyed and you die of blood loss.

Fire Melting Gold Pill
The Fire Solution Gold Pill is made by extracting the blood and juice of several kinds of poisons, and the pills glisten with gold. The body is like fire charcoal, once the friction touches, instantly ignite, can not be extinguished.

Dragon Sparrow Pill
The Dragon Bird is a fierce bird, Dragon Bird Dan toxicity is also extremely fierce, the affected person's chest showed blood marks, gradually spread, covering the whole body, such as the Dragon Bird spread wings.

Red Jade Blood Robe
Red jade blood robe like a gemstone, there is a blood light inside, if the shell is broken, it will give birth to red mist, in the body bleeding all over, such as wearing a blood-colored robe.

Blood Child Drug
Drain the blood of the blood toad, merge the blood pool of filth, recite the evil scriptures, move with the evil heart, then become the evil medicine. This drug looks like a big toad, can follow the blood and leap, if a person is hit by it, the flesh and blood around the body tumbles, and at the time of death, the shape of the body is changed, curled up like a child.

Corpse Liquid
Take the juice of rotting insects in the bottle and become corpse water. This water will become yellow pulp when it meets the wound, can turn flesh and bones, very powerful.

Rotten Body Poison
This poison is made from the saliva of vipers and must be stored in a shaded place. At first, there is a slight stench on the body, which is difficult to detect, but gradually the outer flesh collapses and stinks like a rotting corpse.

Corpse Refining Pestilence Powder
The five plagues are spring plague, summer plague, autumn plague, winter plague, and middle plague. Anyone who is poisoned by this poison will not have a moment to sleep in the four seasons, and after a long time, he will die of disease. The corpse also carries the pestilence, touching it will be infected.

Tendon Eliminating Powder
Snake ghost tendon dissipation by the corpse water, plague grass and other sinister poison made, like black ash. The victim is seriously ill, tendons and flesh gradually necrosis, the body is overlapped with several inches wide black bruises, as if possessed by the snake coil ghost.

Marrow-Eroding Powder
Bone and marrow erosion powder color like dry bone, the smell is pungent. This poison, the bones around the body gradually softened, the blood marrow in the bones gradually broken, even if the medicine to save, the bones are difficult to renew.

Ghost King Pill
Ghost King Dan is made from rotting corpses, extremely fishy and smelly. The flesh and bones under the skin gradually fester and corrode, bruise blood all over, the skin around the body are green-black, like zombie evil ghost.

Blood Turning Liquid
The poisonous water is made from the marrow of rotting bones and the blood of corpses and insects. Once this water touches the living thing, it will be transformed into its flesh and blood, the victim's face is black and swollen, the kidneys are failing and the Yang energy is collapsing. Just a few dozen drops, it can make the internal organs rot.

Bone Devouring Pill
After taking aged snake bones and repeatedly simmering and roasting them at different furnace temperatures, a pill is obtained. Although this pill is as small as millet, but only one, the toxin can reach all parts of the body, so that every inch of the tendons and bones are like a spider bite snake, inch by inch disappeared, and finally only left empty flesh.

Green Spider Gu Pellet
Green spider Gu pill is refined from the venom of a thousand-year-old green spider, although it is made of dead things, but like a spiritual thing. This poison when the attack, can lead to the four sides of the Gu to gather, the body suffered a thousand teeth, the death of the miserable state.

Heart Failure Powder
Heart Failure Powder is prepared by grinding the flowers and leaves of Oleander into powder. It can make people mentally exhausted and gradually lead to heart failure and exhaustion. If used properly, it can also make people with unstable moods get rid of their desires and recover from heart diseases.

Fragrant Ecstasy Pellet
Take chronic poison mixed with delicate flowers, can be simmered to make soul-crushing incense pills. This poison is a strange fragrance, three days does not dissipate, the person in the middle of the strange fragrance, the mind is confused, the soul as if leaving the body.

Joyous Soul-taking Incense
The sweet and fragrant aroma of the jubilant funeral incense makes people laugh when they smell it. This incense is divided into yin and yang, yin only men can smell, yang only women can smell, in the person can not stop laughing, and gradually go crazy.

Soul Exhausting Powder
Soul Exhausting Powder is made by drying poisonous flowers and poisonous herbs in the sun and grinding them into powder. It is dark yellow in color and becomes invisible when dissolved in water. Those in the middle are unable to think, appear to be in a state of dementia, and eventually suffer from heart failure and mental exhaustion.

Bewildering Butterfly Incense
The so-called "Zhuang Sheng dreaming of butterflies", the poison, it seems to feel like a butterfly, flying on earth, and feel that everything has changed shape and appearance, do not know where they are, and finally fall into ecstasy is difficult to escape.

Nine Insanities Powder
The nine types of insanity include palpitations, insomnia, forgetfulness of meals, physical fatigue, injuries to internal organs, uncertainty, joylessness, faintness of mind, and mental illness. If a person has these nine types of insanity, their mind will disappear without a trace and they will end up mad.

Tinkling Fantasy Pill
The Linlang Illusion Pill is odorless and tasteless, invisible and colorless. The victim's mind is confused and his perception is lost, his ears seem to hear the music of the fairy, and his eyes seem to see the light dazzling, but in fact, his soul has already left his body, and it is difficult to live.

Drunken Stupor
It can be said that "the drunken life does not know death, a rotten bone with the ditch". Drunken life and dreaming of death smell mellow, like a fine wine, drink it all day like intoxication, sometimes happy to dance, and sometimes sad to cry, and finally heart failure and die.

Thousand Year Sleep
Take the rare human face mandala and combine it with the water of Wangchuan River to create a thousand-year sleep. It is like entering a dream, where the soul disappears and the spirit disappears. Although the years will never grow again, there will be no chance to wake up, so it is also called "thousand-year sleep".

Hemostatic Powder
It is one of the most common trauma remedies, as it is white in color and can be applied externally to stop bleeding and reduce swelling.

Blood Circulation Pill
The Great Blood Elixir is made of several blood-boosting elixirs, brown in color and bitter in taste, which can invigorate blood and relieve pain, and is a common trauma medicine for those who walk in the jungle.

Nine Ox Strong Life Pill
This elixir is made of rare herbs, with a faint fragrance, after taking it, you will feel as healthy as a cow, so the name "nine cows solid life elixir", commonly used to treat some minor injuries.

Tianzhu Buddha Medicine
Tianzhu is also the ancient India. This medicine is transmitted from the Tianzhu, it is said to be made by the Buddha's compassion for all beings, its taste is sweet, smell like sandalwood, can be taken to regenerate muscle and decay.

Heart Protection Pill
Heavenly King Heart Tonic Pill is brown in color and sweet in taste, which can make small injuries heal in a moment, and serious injuries are difficult to take life, if the Heavenly King protects the heart veins, the injuries heal themselves, and nothing can be destroyed.

Golden Immortal's Saving Powder
The Golden Immortal Life Pill is made from the best medicinal herbs, which can be taken as if the Golden Immortal were present in person to save the lives of the dead and the wounded; the medicine is prepared with great emphasis on the way of "ruler, minister, and assistant", and the process of preparation is complicated and cannot be faulted, so only those who are proficient in medical science can make it.

Gold Wound Medicine
Gold, that is, gold and iron; trauma, that is, wounds. This medicine is extremely effective for traumatic injuries caused by gold and iron weapons, so the name "gold wound medicine", put on the wound, can cure the blood flow.

Bone-replenishing Ointment
Bone cream is made from the essence of herbs with the ability to connect the bones and tendons, its taste is sweet and pungent, brown and gray, taken internally to clear the silt and benefit the qi, external application can stop bleeding and connect the bones, is a rare trauma medicine.

Continuous Balm
Continuous Balm is made from rare medicinal materials and other substances used to stop bleeding and restore bones. Its color is like amber, and its taste is bitter but sweet. When used, it can be applied to the injured area. It can not only stimulate muscles and relieve pain, but also strengthen bones and tendons. It is an extremely precious medicine.

Divine Tree Replenishment Paste
The color of Divine Tree Replenishment Paste is like ocher, and the taste is salty and astringent. It uses the essence of plants and trees to nourish people's vitality. After taking it, a warm feeling will arise from the Dantian, travel throughout the body, and heal injuries, just like entering the realm of "in ancient times, eight thousand years is spring and eight thousand years is autumn".

Elixir of Life
It is said that the elixir of life was the elixir that Hou Yi obtained from the Queen Mother of the West, and it needed to be derived from rare and unique medicinal materials. It can be made by taking other auxiliary materials, grinding, soaking, steaming, drying and other processes. When the medicine is finished, if there is light flowing but no trace left, no matter what kind of serious injury it is, it can be cured.

Nine Revolutions Pill
As the saying goes: "Nine Revolutions Pills, you can gain immortality after taking them for three days." The treatment of this elixir is complicated. You need to put Lingzhi in a furnace of water, fire and green, cook it carefully and slowly, then you can get a elixir. If the medicine scatters, it will have no potency, so it must be sealed in a jade bottle to preserve it. It is said that the messengers from the underworld will retreat if they see it.

Snake Gallbladder Pill
Snake Gallbladder Pills are made from non-toxic snake gall. They taste bitter but sweet, with a slight fishy smell. Taking them can cool the body, remove heat and relieve paralysis. It is one of the most common medicines for internal injuries.

Qi Restoring Soup
Qi Restoring Soup is made from herbs that soothe qi and relieve external symptoms. It tastes bitter and is brown in color. Taking it can dredge meridians, relieve thirst and relieve fatigue. It is a common internal injury medicine specially used to treat poor qi and blood.

Breath Circulation Powder
This medicine is brown in color and bitter in taste, with a vague fragrance, it is said that the remedy was created by the former imperial physician for the treatment of the king, and can be taken to resolve the depression, stop pain and clear bruises.

Violet Golden Crow Pellet
This medicine was originally used by wealthy people to maintain their health. It has black and purple contrasting colors, with gold in the black, and a sweet and flat taste, so it is called Violet Golden Crow Pellets. Taking it can treat pain in the internal organs and repair the damage of the meridians.

Immortal Harmonizing Powder
As the saying goes: "The upper scholar lifted the form to ascend to the void, called the heavenly immortal", this medicine is originally made by the prescription, can be taken to reconcile the yin and yang, so that the person's vitality and smooth, like the immortal, so it is called "heavenly immortal tuning Yuan San".

Purple Jade Royal Ginseng Pill
This medicine can only be made from the brilliance inherent in Purple Jade Royal Ginseng. Purple jade royal ginseng greatly nourishes yang energy, so it needs to be combined with other yin-nourishing medicinal materials to avoid being too strong and easily broken. If used carelessly, the medicinal power will be damaged, making it extremely difficult to prepare. Its taste is sweet and flat, and taking it can nourish the qi of Dantian, eliminate cold and remove evil spirits.

Pleasant Ginseng Drink
This medicine is made from ginseng, which is dipped in wine and then decocted. It is as warm as pine resin and warm in the mouth, and it can harmonize the four bodies and remove blood stagnation.

Fragrant Meridian Cleansing Pellet
This medicine is made from qi-nourishing medicinal materials, boiled into juice, and then made into honey pills. It is sweet in the mouth and has a clear aroma. Taking it can open the meridians of the whole body, unblock the pores, and make the body light and healthy.

Ziwu Meridian Repairing Pill
Zi is midnight, Wu is noon. This medicine is made from the first-rate nourishing medicinal materials, simmered slowly, and rolled into pills. Its taste is slightly pungent. After taking it, there is a strong force to repair the meridians of the whole body in a span of a day, so it is called Ziwu Meridian Repairing Pill.

Nine Fragrances Drink
Nine Fragrances Drink is specially made from various fragrant medicinal materials. When combined with alpinia, the aroma is spicy, with agarwood, the aroma is elegant, and with snow ginseng, it has a cold aroma; The ears of those who smell it become sharp, the eyesight becomes bright, and the body becomes as light as a swallow. It is a magical brew that nourishes qi and heals injuries.

Black Jade Marrow Pill
This medicine is based on rare medicinal materials and extracts their essence according to their medicinal properties. After being made, the color is like black jade, the brilliance is restrained, and the fragrance lasts for a long time. After taking it, it can heal hundreds of wounds and eliminate all kinds of diseases. It is precisely: "Isn't this elixir a heavenly thing, scattered in the mortal world and transformed into a soul?"

Snow Ginseng Pellet
The poem: "frost and snow for the appearance, the white moon into its god", frost and glaze snow ginseng pill with a thousand years of snow ginseng as a guide, taste sweet and fragrant and cold, color like frost and snow, transparent as a glaze, is a rare and exotic medicine, not the natural talent is difficult to make, take it can be cleansed of marrow and bones, easy tendons and veins.

White Deer Antlers
According to legend, the white deer understands human nature, unless it breaks its own antlers to give to a good person, otherwise this object is difficult to obtain. The antler blood of the white deer is extremely rare and can heal all injuries and diseases, and has the effect of reviving the dead.

Master's Remains
When Master Yuanshan passed away, he made a great wish to transform the bones of the Buddha's way of creation into this party. In case of an eventuality, the power of the relics will be used to ferry people out of the demonic path and keep the soul clear.

Myriad Variations Talisman
It is invisible and formless. This talisman is handed down from overseas immortals, which enables one to see thousands of lights in a single moment, to reach thousands of enlightenment, and to move with one's mind.

Great Scarlet Blood Pearl
It is refined from the pool of blood, which contains countless yin poisonous substances, because it can disturb people's sanity, causing people to fall into extreme grief, so it is very easy to make people and evil things sense each other.

Qi Recovery Powder
Black Serpent Qi Recovery Powder is made from snake bones soaked in wine and then dried. It is red in color, salty and slightly pungent in taste. Taking it can treat unstable qi.

Heart Opening Black Pellet
Heart Opening Black Pellet is made from medicinal materials that calm the nerves and is simply steamed to make pills. It is black in color, sweet and flat in taste, and has a delicate fragrance. Taking it can unblock the meridians.

Nine Mysteries Pill
"Xuandan refers to the heart." This elixir is made using the Taoist method of alchemy. It tastes bitter and penetrates the heart. Taking it can regulate breath and nourish Qi, so it is called "Nine Mysteries Pill".

Small Return Pill
Taoists use essence, energy, and spirit as materials, and use their body as a furnace to practice the golden elixir, so it is called "Dan Return". Small Return Pill is a good medicine made from a variety of origin-repairing medicinal materials. Taking it can replenish Qi and regulate origin.

Big Return Pill
Big Return Pill is carefully prepared from a variety of spiritual materials. It is red-black in color, sweet and salty in taste. Taking it nourishes the five Qi. It is also said to help people condense inner elixirs. It is a famous Taoist medicine.

Dragon Luck Pill
As the saying goes: "The heart is the master, serving all the bones." This pill is made from the blood dew of a dragon, so it is called "Dragon Luck Pill". Its color is ocher. Taking it can replenish the heart and strengthen the energy, and prevent all kinds of diseases.

Royal Jelly
Queen bee dew is prepared from the best red honey. It is said that it is the nectar that only the queen of bees can enjoy. This medicine is sweet and fragrant, and it can be taken to nourish the body and replenish qi.

Sweet Blood Dew Pellet
Sweet Blood Dew Pellet is as bright red as blood, sweet in taste and hot in nature. Taking it can replenish deficiency and neutralize the phlegm, forget worries and relieve fear. It can be said that "the blood in the heart is still hot, and the flowers in the eyes turn red". It is a good medicine for regulating the breath.

Hazy White Cloud Pill
Hazy White Cloud Pill is made from precious medicinal materials mixed with mountain spring water. Its color is white with red lines, just like steaming clouds. Taking it can nourish the Qi of the whole body. It is exactly like: "three parts of the water are green, and a little red in the clouds."

Treasured Returning Pill
The Treasured Returning Pill is a Taoist elixir that is never revealed to others easily. This medicine is refined with civil and military fire. Taking it can open up the heavens and bring unimpeded luck. It can be said to save people from water and fire.

Jade Bones Frost Heart Pill
Jade Bone Frost Heart Pill is refined from the world's spiritual objects, this pill is bright as if there is a spirit, after taking it can replenish the innate true qi, there is a saying: "heart as clear as frost and snow, bones like a white wall without traces".

Snow Lotus Dew
Tianshan snow lotus dew is made from the whole snow lotus and the decoction of snow water in the lotus, this medicine is colorless and tasteless, drink it like water, take it to make people full of vital energy, such as can Fengxu to wind, walking on the waves.

Mind Calming Pearl Powder
Pearls are born in the heart of mother-of-pearl and contain brilliance; this medicine is made from mother-of-pearl powder. Its color is milky white and its taste is bland. Taking it can calm the mind and replenish vitality.

Origin Clearing Powder
Origin Clearing Powder is made by grinding several medicinal materials that can replenish the Qi into powder and process it. It is brown in color and slightly bitter in taste. It is a good medicine to soothe the mind, calm the Qi, remove impurities and clear the origin.

Wuhou's Marching Powder
This medicine is made of common herbs to remove labor and repair damage, rumor has it that Zhuge Wuhou was used during the Northern Expedition to prevent soldiers from being overwhelmed by water and soil, and can be taken to calm the mind and replenish the essence.

Jade Core Powder
Jade Core Powder is dispersed into a clear color, like ice and jade, and is made from a variety of elixirs. It has a cool taste and a strange fragrance, which can drive away evil spirits in the heart and soul, and prolong life. The truth is: "Xue Xun is three points white, plum loses one part fragrant".

Great Wisdom Incense
Dazhi incense is made of spiritual materials to wake up the brain and nourish the qi, after the medicine is completed, there is a clear fragrance, sweet to eat, the use is to ignite the incense paste, so that the taste into the lungs, so that people are clear, injury and labor does not invade.

Thousand Year Ink
There is a saying: "If you eat immortal grass, you will not worry about a thousand years old". The color is like ink, and the taste is sweet and flat, which can remove the turbidity and prolong life.

Beneficial Snow Clam Soup
This soup is a medicinal meal prepared with snow clams as the main ingredient, its color is milky white, its taste is fresh and sweet, and it is said to be created by a doctor who lived in the bitter cold of the North, and it can be taken to warm the body, strengthen the Yang energy and nourish the heavenly life.

Fasting Pill
As the saying goes, "those who eat air are divine and live long, those who do not eat do not die but are divine", the Pantheon is carefully refined by drying and soaking spiritual materials through many processes, and can be taken without eating grains for one month, and monks often use it to prolong their lives.

Heavenly Life Extending Powder
Tian Zhen Yan Longevity San is made of the rumored immortal herbs, its color is brown, its taste is flat, it can be taken to lighten the body, healing deficiencies, people said: "If the product Tian Zhen San, free like a god".

Total Repair Pellet
This medicine is made of ten kinds of rare and precious tonic herbs, the shape of the bones of the person taking it, qi and blood immediately two prosperous; life as a person taking it, injuries and illnesses will be healed immediately, so called "ten whole great tonic pill".

Rejuvenation Pill
This elixir is made from the herbs eaten by the immortals in the legend, and it fills the body with vitality and makes you feel immortal. The old man becomes strong again, and the old woman becomes a Zha girl", so it is called "return to old age".

Millennium Knotweed Paste
This medicine is taken from a thousand years of human-shaped heshouwu, decoction of water, the water is exhausted, then into a paste, made of black color like ink, its taste is slightly bitter, eaten in the mouth immediately dissolved, penetrate into the whole body bones, skin, so that people look bright, like a new life, it can be said: "flowers have reopening day, people meet again when young".

Lead Flower Powder
Lead Flower Powder is made by powdering lead. Its color is black in nature but white when ground into powder, so it is called "Lead Flower Powder". Taking it can replenish essence and qi, but it should not be used more often by those with spleen and stomach deficiency.

Earth Spirit Pill
Earth Spirit Pill is made from several kinds of herbs that grow on the ground and obtain the aura of earth veins. It has mild medicinal properties and a warm feeling in the mouth. Taking it can harmonize the four bodies.

Origin Relieve Ghost Bone Tea
There is a saying: "A piece of gold and stone collapses from the ghost bones. If the Yuanyang is not prosperous, don't meet again." Origin Relieve Ghost Bone Tea looks like an ordinary tea, but drinking it can gather energy and calm the origin, making people behave as they want.

Eight Sufferings Pill
This elixir has strong properties. After taking it, it will feel like a steel knife is cutting the flesh and bones. It seems that you need to experience the eight sufferings and hardships in the world before you can put it to death and live. If the person who eats it does not have martial arts, it is often difficult to bear it.

White Ghost Moon Pellet
As the saying goes, "When the ghost moon appears, the door to Yin opens. Ghost moon white pills set the essence of precious herbs, the medicine is as white as the moon, but the yin and fury amazing, take it is smooth qi and blood, such as the help of ghosts and gods, to a hundred.

Silver Toad Black Ointment
It is said that the toad lives in the Moon Palace, which is the essence of Taiyin, and this cream is made of silver, just like the glow of the moon.

Vermilion Fruit Nectar
Vermilion fruit dew is made by boiling vermilion fruit in three boiling water. Its color is bright red, its taste is sweet, eat it will be the spirit and smooth, such as clear aroma into the five organs, can be stored in the ice cellar, do the summer drink.

Origin Cultivating Drink
Peiyuan drink is made of common herbs, the juice is sticky, the aroma is unique, it can be taken to replenish the qi and cultivate the yuan; there are often people who love its taste to accompany the meal, since it is called to strengthen the capital and benefit the middle, and cultivate the way of the immortals.

Eight Treasures Precious Powder
The Eight Treasures of Miracle Pill is made of eight kinds of exotic herbs, which cannot be made into medicine unless it is a combination of heavenly, geographical and human conditions, otherwise the spiritual energy will escape and turn into clear water.

Jade Spirit Gold Fetus Powder
Qiong Ling Golden Fetus San combines the most cold and yang spiritual materials, the finished medicine has the two qi of gold and silver intertwined, parallel and not contradictory; taking it can cure the disease, guard the spirit, make it peaceful and smooth, like getting a golden body.

Wonderful Immortal Drink
This medicine is refined from the legendary immortal grass, its color is clear, containing seven-colored light, like a glass, after taking the body tendons and bones, veins and veins are golden light, such as the true fire forging, so the name "immortal formula strange drink".

Dark Thistle Flower Drink
Dark Thistle Flower Drink contains the essence of dark thistle flower. It is said that in ancient times, only immortals could drink it. Its fragrance is far-reaching and its taste is sweet. Taking it can remove qi turbidity and make it extraordinary.

Yellow Rhino Robust Qi Pill
This medicine is made of rhinoceros yellow, bitter and fragrant, entering the heart and gall bladder meridians, can regulate the internal Qi, clear the heart and abdomen, but because of its very cold nature, should not be used more than one person with a weak body.

Abundance Pill
Abundance Pill is made from herbs that promote qi. Taking it can make the internal energy flow and nourish the meridians. "If you can break a river, no one can control it," hence the name.

Three Precious Treasures Pellet
This medicine has a total of green, yellow two colors, can be taken to dredge the meridian, open the orifice, the gas, so called "green and yellow three treasure pill". This material is easy to manufacture, but the materials used are slightly expensive, and in ancient times only rich families could store a large number of.

Green Emperor Pill
Qingdi is the god of the East and the master of all things in spring. The color of this elixir is like green kyu, and when it is taken, it is like a harmonious breeze running through the body, eliminating external evil, so people often think that the Qingdi's ritual, hence the name "Qingdi Dan".

Dragon Marrow Essence Powder
Snake, also called Xiaolong. Dragon Marrow Essence Powder uses the marrow of the spirit snake as medicine. It is warm in nature and mild in taste. Taking it can make the Dantian full, the meridians firm, and the sound of dragon roaring vaguely when you are lucky.

Seven Hearts Pill
According to legend, the heavenly snake lives in the deep mountains and swamps. It is born with seven hearts and is extremely intelligent and can break through the miasma of thousands of miles. It is said that the Heavenly Snake Seven Hearts Pill is made from the shed of the Heavenly Snake. Taking it can make people's internal energy develop without stagnating.

Green Frost Powder
Green Frost Powder is as transparent as frost and has a green color. It can be smelled and eaten, and can nourish the body and strengthen the energy. Children of the Wu family like its crystal clear and cute color, and often take it as sugar pills.

Silver Jade Pill
This Dan in the emerald Dan body hidden silver light, so named "Jade Silver Dan", is made of nourishing drugs, its taste is cool, after taking it, such as clear water from the hundred acupuncture points pouring down, wash away the muddy silt, stimulate the true qi.

Hundred Refinements Powder
"If you make it out of gold, it will be the real thing. It will be the same inside and out, and it will not diminish after a hundred refinements." Hundred Refinements Powder is refined with a secret method. Its medicinal power is concentrated and lasts for many years. After taking it, it can generate Qi in the Dantian and increase the energy of people.

Arhat Subduing Devils Pill
Luohan Fushang Dan is refined with rare herbs as a guide, after taking it, it can make the soul stable, without the risk of unrestrained transformation of Qi, Qi and blood flow, it is like a Luohan eliminating the delusion of the mind, cutting off all worries.

Ascending Heavens Powder
The so-called: "gather the spirit into a god, unite the spirit into the Tao, return the elixir, and then transcend", Ascending Heavens Powder is rumored to be used by real Taoists. It has a lingering fragrance. After taking it, it can help people refine the spirit and combine the Tao, break the clouds and remove the qi.

Buddha Light Relic Pill
Buddha's light relic pills are made from the bones of Buddha, with a light like onyx, moist like pearls, its color like gold, and its quality like perspiration. After taking the medicine, you need to immediately use your energy to dissolve the power of the medicine, so that you can be like the Buddha's light, as free as you wish, unstoppable.

Aromatic Detoxification Pellet
Detoxifying fragrant pills are made from musk and have a strong and specific aroma. It has the effect of activating blood circulation and promoting menstruation, and can also treat severe pain in the heart and abdomen. If carried around, its aroma repels insects.

Poison Avoidance Drink
When the five herbs are steeped into a drink, we get five spices to avoid poison. The finished medicine also has five flavors, divided into light, flat, bitter, astringent and sweet. Drinking it can make it difficult for poisonous gas to enter the body, thus avoiding poison and driving away harm.

Yellow Robe Pill
Yellow robe Dan has a dark yellow skin color, like the yellow robe of a Taoist. When taken, the yellow robe melted away, the internal quality is extremely bitter. This medicine can enter the twelve main meridians, move the qi in the blood and expel the poison in the blood.

Poison Repelling Syrup
Drain the juice of Poria cocos and Fangguo and brew it into a thick slurry, which has the effect of detoxifying. If the poisoning is not serious, it can be quickly relieved by taking it. Its taste is aromatic and mellow, and it is delicious to drink. Even if one has no toxins in their body, it can also be used to strengthen the spleen and calm the heart.

Imperial Gold Pill
This elixir is golden yellow in color with a shimmer. Its detoxification speed can be regarded as the best among medicines. If the toxin has not spread, this elixir can remove the poison immediately. If the toxin is already deep, it can also slow down the poison by three thirds.

Queen Mother's Resurrection Pill
"I plan to go to the Yao Palace to join Queen Mother, and one pill of the elixir will guarantee immortality." It is said that the Queen Mother's Resurrection Pill can protect people from all kinds of diseases and prolong their life. Even if the poison has attacked the heart of the poisoned person, this elixir can drive away the poison and prolong life for a while.

Poison Scattering Paste
Take rhinoceros yellow and frankincense, add licorice juice, and pound it into an ointment to become rhinoceros yellow powder poison ointment. Apply this medicine to the injured area to clear away heat and dissipate toxins.

Golden Gallbladder Pill
The golden and translucent bear bile is the golden bile, which can be refined and made into golden bile pills. Its texture is crunchy, bitter and sweet, can antispasmodic, analgesic, and can eliminate toxins after discharge, this medicine detoxification, there should be no later.

Ten Solutions Powder
The so-called ten solutions: killing insects, stopping bleeding, clearing away heat, dissipating swelling, calming the liver, soothing the throat, analgesic, treating carbuncle, activating menstruation, and detoxifying. Ten Solutions Powder has ten kinds of disease-alleviating and detoxifying effects. It not only detoxifies with medicinal properties, but also restores the patient's vitality.

Five Dragons Calming Pill
This elixir is divided into five strands, taken into the body will be divided into five organs at the same time to dissolve the toxin. If the poisoned person's life is at stake, this medicine is also like the green, red, yellow, white and black five dragon force to suppress the spirit, so the person can remain alive.

Vitality Returning Pill
Vitality Returning Pill is shaped like a purple cloud and can quickly transform into the whole body. Its medicinal effect is like moving mountains and reclaiming seas. If the toxin is turned into poison, it will hurt and sting the heart. However, even if a person is poisoned and loses all his vitality, this medicine can return his vitality to the wilderness. It can be said that "it takes the mountain and the sea to exchange the soul, and it will not give up when it comes back to heaven".

Poison Devouring Pill
Rumor has it that the Heavenly Serpent is able to swim in the clouds and fog, and its magic changes are infinite. The Heavenly Snake Poison Eating Pill uses the skin of the Heavenly Snake as a guide, and the finished medicine has infinite uses. Even if the toxin has penetrated into the flesh, blood and bone marrow, this medicine can also be transformed to swim in all parts of the body and mind, the poison will be eaten away, no matter what kind of fierce poison, as long as the body is not dead, this medicine can be saved.

Snowdrop Bush Pellet
The finished product is ochre in color and slightly bitter in taste. Its aromatic odor can open the body and refresh the mind, and can be taken to resolve depression and calm the fear.

Flowing Cloud Meridian Powder
It is extremely light in texture and blows up like a mist, like a flowing cloud. It is also extremely light and gentle, and after taking it, it can be slowly applied to the meridians around the body to cure sunken veins and headaches, so that people can get rid of their illnesses without realizing it.

Relaxing Incense
Relaxing Incense looks like walnut pulp. When burned, it can emit a variety of fragrant aromas. Smelling this aroma can activate qi and blood, calm the mind and clear the heart, so that insomniacs can sleep peacefully.

Filth Removing Pellet
Take sandalwood, wood incense and other aromatic herbs, mixed with peach kernel pounded into powder, save pills boiled in wine, to obtain the pills to remove obscene Qi. This pill should be served with ginger soup, which can stimulate the stagnant qi in blood vessels, detoxify and eliminate swelling, and also remove the obscene qi in time to prevent poisoning in case.

Heaven Harmony Powder
Chengtian Powder is made from rare herbs and spices. Its effect is very slow. It regulates Qi and blood, nourishes the meridians and internal organs, thereby expelling toxins and eliminating exhaustion. Treating diseases with this medicine, it is extremely difficult for the disease to relapse after it is cured. The most important thing is to be in harmony and nourishment. Just as "Yi" says: "All things in life are in harmony with heaven."

Penetrating Jade Lake Incense
The aroma of Yaochi Orchid is extracted and collected in a net bottle to obtain the Yaochi Translucent Fragrance. Its elegant and fragrant smell can nourish the heart and tranquilize the mind and cure liver depression and spleen deficiency. The difference of this fragrance is that it penetrates into the bones and does not dissipate for a long time, so the effect of healing and curing depression does not fade away for a long time.

Hundred Snakes Vitality Powder
Hundred Snakes Zheng Qi San is made from green snake bile. This medicine can regulate the internal organs, meridians, qi and blood, so that the qi and blood around the body can be harmonized and the righteous qi can pass. As the saying goes, "If the righteousness exists inside, the evil cannot dry up", so it can fight against evil and disease, and can remove the energetic depression, so that all diseases do not arise.

Saint Cleaning Powder
Tongsheng Powder is made from stir-fried medicinal materials such as Wu Yao, talc, Platycodon and other medicinal materials. It tastes bitter and pungent and needs to be boiled and taken with raw green onion and wine before it can be swallowed. Its medicinal properties can clear the small intestine, and with just one dose, the pain of emphysema will no longer occur. It can be said to have the ability to "clear the saint" by resolving the exterior and the interior.

Qi Promotion Medicine
"Blow and breathe, and exhale the old and the new" is the practice of qi. When Taoists first practice, they often use this secret medicine to assist breathing and exhaling, so as to achieve the effect of concentrating the mind and purifying the mind and regulating the internal breath. Even the Taoist master often carries this medicine to prevent the invasion of depressed Qi.

Vein Cleansing Drink
The three treasures refer to three precious medicinal materials: Jade Toad, Deer Antler, and Wu Yao. The juice of these three treasures is extracted to make Vein Cleansing Drink. The medicinal power can reach the eight extraordinary meridians and has the power to attack and remove toxins. This medicine can drive away the poison in the meridians, even if it is deeply rooted, it can also remove the filthy deposits in the meridians, making the meridians seem to be renewed.

Tianyuan Jade Powder
Tianyuan Yusu Powder is made from toad poison. Because of it, the dosage of the finished medicine is very small, and if you are not careful, the finished medicine will be poisonous. This powder can transform the vitality of heaven and earth, inhale and exhale the lungs and intestines, and circulate throughout the body, which can resolve all stasis, stagnation and diseases.

Hunyuan Ginseng Nectar
"Mixed elements, remembering things before the chaos, the beginning of the yuan qi also". This medicine is made from purple jade ginseng. When this medicine is taken in the body, the medicinal qi and poisonous qi will be born opposite to each other, and finally mixed into one, and the medicinal poison will be gone. Because it is the most rigid and soft, it can dissolve the deepest depression and poisonous qi.

Cold Expelling Lily Nectar
This medicine is made by taking long-lived lilies and steaming them, then mixing them with honey. It tastes soft and fragrant, can be used as a snack, easy for children to eat, has the effect of driving away the cold and relieving cough, and is most suitable for use in autumn and winter.

Fragrant Sunrise Dew
There are often cold diseases such as "sprinkling vicious cold, miserable and unhappy", the pathology of which is "Yang Qi does not rise". Shengyang aromatic dew is made from aromatic substances such as ling fat, lily of the valley and peony, which can help Yang to benefit the stomach, nourish the lungs and regulate the glory of the lungs, to bring down Yin and dispel cold, so that "Yang Qi rises".

Blazing Xuanhuang Drink
Blazing Xuanhuang (Heaven and Earth) Drink is obtained by soaking herbs in realgar wine. It is dark yellow in color and tastes spicy like burning. This medicinal drink has the effect of dispelling cold. It not only uses strong alcohol to activate blood circulation, but also uses medicinal properties to warm the body and dispel cold. It has both external and internal effects, and has a unique effect.

Golden Crow Ointment
Jin Wu Paste is made by decocting the blood of the roc, and adding Agaricus blazei to make a paste, which is red in color and tastes sweet and slightly fishy. It can be applied to cold sores to remove dampness and invigorate the blood, so that the cold sores can be removed and the body can feel warm and healed in a few days.

Suffering Relieving Arhat Pill
Take Chuanxiong, Angelica dahurica, Bodhi and other medicinal materials, boil them and prepare them into Suffering Relieving Arhat Pills. Because there are herbs with both warming and hot properties, the pungent and hot herbs can be used to drive away yin and cold, and the warming and tonic herbs can support yang qi. Its wonderful effects of dispelling wind and cold, unblocking meridians and relieving pain are indeed like "Arhat relieving suffering".

Nine Revolutions Yang Pill
The Nine Revolutions Yang Pill is made from nine-color jade bodhi, and it takes nine times of refining to get one. This elixir has miraculous effects in replenishing yang, activating blood and replenishing the stomach, and can cure stiffness and coldness all over the body. Taking it regularly can also increase Yang energy.

Heart Warming Pill
Roast the black snake bones, soak them in yellow wine, pound them and simmer them to get the Heart Warming Pills. This medicine can expel wind, reduce cold, detoxify and relieve itching. Those who take this elixir will nourish the triple burner and activate the heart and blood, so the whole body will be warm and cold diseases will not invade.

Red Marrow Powder
Pick the blood marrow from the snake bones and mix it with aconite and dried ginger until the medicinal properties are blended to form a Red Marrow Powder. After taking this powder, the user's heart and blood will be agitated and excited. It can cure phlegm and stagnation in the heart and dispel cold poison in the pulse and blood. Although it can strengthen the heart, you must try your best and avoid taking too much.

Black Positive Yang Pill
"Zhengyang, the qi of the sun in the south." This elixir is black and red in color, and its medicinal properties contain an extremely strong and hot yang energy that circulates throughout the body. It can cure typhoid caused by yin poison, causing a blue face and a hard heart. It can be said that "positive yang is obvious, yang is strong and yin is weak."

Dragon Blood Paste
Dragon's Blood Paste is red and translucent in color and delicate to the touch. Its medicinal properties are mild, and when it enters the blood, it is divided into the three meridians of lung, spleen and kidney, softening the hardness and dispersing the knots in the three meridians, expelling the cold and removing the poison, which can be called turning the poison back into warmth in the warmth and calmness, and has the wonderful use of tonifying the blood and regulating the pulse.

Blood Saliva Vermilion Pill
Blood Saliva Vermilion Dan is as bright red as blood and is made by collecting snakes and crows blood saliva and refining it. This elixir can enter the internal organs and spirit, and if it encounters the cold and poisonous Qi of the sympathetic yin, it will be transformed into incandescent wrapped around it, internalizing its pivot, forever extinguishing the cold and yin, so that it cannot be regenerated, therefore, it is the only way to attack those with deep cold chronicity and evil yin accumulation in the body.

Nine Yang Dragon Pill
Nine yang is pure yang, and all cold and yin qi cannot be driven away. This elixir can only be made by combining the dragon's blood dew and putting it in a green furnace through the nine fire qi. The person who takes it breathes the pure yang qi. The yang energy in the body gradually rises, and the yin energy gradually disappears. The one is declining and the other is growing, and the trend is unstoppable. Just as the "Fu of Immortals" said, "The nine yangs are called out, and the new ones are expelled."

Coagulating Detoxing Ointment
This ointment is made from mashed aroids and is dark brown in color. When used, it is applied to the injured area. It can detoxify and coagulate blood, and the wound will recover faster than usual.

Violet Blood Circulation Pellet
The herbs used in the pill are several kinds of purple flowers and brown herbs, thus the pill is also purple-black in color, with aromatic smell and slightly bitter taste. This medicine can open the meridians and invigorate blood, and is suitable for all kinds of swelling and pain caused by siltation of blood and yin channels.

Damaged Blood Pill
The blood-breaking elixir is made of snake tongue herb and other hemostatic drugs, and has the effect of activating blood and dispersing blood stasis. This medicine can not only cure the wound broken blood flow, but also cure the impact of bruising flesh and skin is not broken, the former when serving avoid alcohol, the latter need to be served with wine.

Heart Protection Pill
Heart Protection Pill can be distributed into the 12 meridians of the body, into the three yin and three yang of the hands and feet, to promote blood circulation and reduce heat. It can also nourish the liver and kidneys through the blood in the meridians to treat chest congestion and heart pain caused by internal stagnation of blood. It can also be taken at regular intervals to nourish the body.

Blood Purification Pill
Blood Purification Pill is made from turtle shell with blood spots, and its taste is sweet and salty. Because it can help people expel congestion and dirty blood, and at the same time replenish blood and stop bleeding, it is called "blood purification". Therefore, the medicine has cold properties and should be used with caution by those with cold and damp stomachs.

Heavenly Restoration Pill
Legend has it that Nuwa used the stone to mend the sky and there was a surplus of the stone, so later people named it Nuwa stone. This stone can be used to make pills, and it has the ability to make up for losses and rejuvenate the human body. This elixir can promote the body to create and replenish blood, and it can be used all around the body to replenish the internal organs, heal wounds quickly, and seem to have the ability to recreate.

Barrier Breaking Paste
Purple pearl grass is pounded into mud and mixed with medicinal glue to make a paste to obtain purple pearl barrier-breaking ointment. This medicine can break blood congestion, but its potency is very strong, so wherever it is used to dispel blood poisoning, it will be accompanied by severe pain.

Cold Moon Pill
The color of the Cold Moon Pill is like the bright moon in the snow, with a cold light, slightly cool to the touch. When expelling poison, the body temperature of the user is lower than normal, but if there is no heat or poison in the body, the body temperature will gradually warm up.

Jade Pure Ice Drink
The Jade Pure Ice Drink has a clear texture and is often stored in a jade bottle and placed in an ice cellar. Its medicinal power can expel heat inside and outside the organs, analgesic and toxins, and relieve inflammation and heat sores all over the body. This drink is fragrant and delicious, and can be drunk even without symptoms. It is most suitable to drink in summer.

Blood and Evil Cleansing Paste
Blood and Evil Cleansing Paste is made from concentrated cold grass juice. It is applied to the skin of the external body and acts on the blood of the internal body. The ointment can follow the blood vessels and circulate in the body for seven cycles. It first removes impurities, then pulls out evil poisons and regenerates new blood, so that rotten poisonous evil energy has no place to take root. It can also be prevented and treated before it happens. If evil poison invades the body, it can be killed immediately.

Pure Ice Dew
Pure Ice Dew requires to be collected from the tip of rhinoceros horn, and stored in a bottle in a Yin heavy place. The texture of this medicine is clear, it tastes like ice when drunk, and the user's skin becomes white as frost. However, when the medicinal power encounters blood stains and toxins, it will be assimilated and removed together. For every part of the poison, the frost is dissolved. Therefore, there is a saying in the world that "every part of the poison is a part of frost".

Jade Buddha Warding Powder
This powder needs to be mixed with evil spirits such as wood and jade Buddha dew and ground into powder, and it collects the essence of the sun, moon and five elements. Its medicinal properties can reach all parts of the flesh and blood, resolve deep-seated poisons, and gradually restore the remaining blood and septic flesh, just like reshaping. It can also be used to hide the body and ward off evil spirits.

Detoxifying Hibiscus Ointment
The color of Detoxifying Hibiscus Ointment is like drunken hibiscus, which changes three times a day. It can cure ulcers and pus in wounds, dissolve their toxins, and make them heal gradually.

Sweet Jade Lotus Nectar
This medicine needs to extract the essence of the jade lotus flower, the collection of lotus leaf dew made, smell the lotus fragrance, take it to feel sweet. When used, it can be mixed with water and drunk to drive away flesh poisoning and bad breath.

Muscle Regenerating Drink
Take the flowers and fruits to brew into the skin Hua Cai drink, its taste sweet and fragrant, has the effect of detoxification and muscle, but see the wound ulcer lack of meat, can be used to slow treatment of this drink. Drink it regularly, you can gradually see the skin red, glowing color, the ancient aristocratic women to maintain the face.

Clear Guanyin Dew
Put lotus flowers, frankincense and other medicinal materials into a jar, seal it with yellow wax, and put it in the soil. After seven days, it will turn into pure water, which is Clear Guanyin Dew. Usage is like dew from Guanyin's pure bottle, which can be applied to the injured area to treat carbuncle, sores, leprosy and necrosis.

Clear Apsara Dew
The Clear Apsara Dew has no color, but when you look at it, it can shine out in various colors. This medicine can make people get rid of impurities and purify decay. Once the poison and dirt are gone, the wounds will fly away without leaving a trace.

Detoxifying Golden Silkworm Pill
Golden silkworm poison prevention pills take the golden silkworm as a guide, by boiling fire, roasted and refined. This elixir is mild, travels in the liver and stomach two meridians, can regulate the qi to relieve pain, warm the middle to help Yang, often taken to make the withered flesh reborn. It can also be taken in advance to ward off decay and poison.

Black Red Lead Water
Black Red Lead Water is made by boiling water with red lead until it boils. Its color is dark black. Because it is slightly toxic, it cannot be taken orally. It can only be applied to the affected area in small amounts to treat sores and eczema, and it can also transform toxins in the liver. Excessive use may cause fainting.

Insect Killing Powder
It is often used to kill and prevent insects, and when placed on the ground, if insects eat it, they will die immediately. Although it can kill insects, it is harmless to human beings, and if people take it, they can drive away all kinds of insects. If the flesh and blood is rotten and insects are born, this powder can be sprinkled to exterminate the insects, and the wound can be healed.

Vermilion Ghost Saliva
Take winged euonymus and dysosma and beat them to pieces to extract the juice. The resulting medicine will be in the form of a vermilion-colored viscous substance, which is called Vermilion Ghost Saliva. This medicine can cure symptoms such as stabbing pains all over the body, or joint pain with no localized location, like an evil spirit demanding life.

Death Dissolving Pill
"The method of dismembering a corpse is to restore life after death." Because it can bring life from death, this elixir has been used by Taoists to achieve enlightenment and abandon their bodies. If someone's whole body is rotten and rotten like a corpse, as long as there is one breath and one soul left, taking this elixir can preserve this one breath and one soul, and the person's life can be saved.

Death to Life Powder
"Every life has its own misfortunes. If you follow the change of vitality, you can prolong the misfortune of the year." This medicine obtains the vitality of heaven and earth, imitates the way of heaven to nurture all things, and transforms the body's organs. If a person is about to die, and his meridians, organs, and bone marrow are all decayed, and he is still lingering, and there seems to be no way to save him, this medicine may be able to save him.

Precious Silver Toad Pill
Take the white sweat between the eyebrows and the white ointment under the skin of the black-backed silver toad, chant sutras and chant mantras, and refine this elixir. The elixir will glow silver all over, unlike human objects. The power can first destroy the poisons in the body, eliminate all insect infestations, build muscles and build bones day and night, half of the soul has returned to the nine springs, and can also be called back to the human world.

Calming Incense
It is a mixture of aromatic and sour odor, which can refresh the mind. It is often used for treating acute and slow panic attacks. Those who faint and fall down can be revived by sniffing it.

Dew of Wide Awake
The first is to wake up the eyes, under the lamp with it, can avoid the pain of lamp smoke smoked eyes. The second is to wake up the mind, if the mind is exhausted, use it to open the orifice and refresh the mind. The third is to wake up the heart, medicine into the heart meridian, open the heart orifices, benefit the heart and wisdom, peace of mind.

Powder of Shockness
This medicine can be used to treat mental confusion and drowsiness. For those who are in a coma, or whose mind is confused, taking this medicine may help them to get rid of the confusion, which can be called "a medicine to wake up the dreamer".

Powder of Spiritual Sublimation
Take calamus, Fu Shen and other herbs boiled and drained, powdered to make a heart wash bright light. This medicine can wash the heart and chest, clear heart and benefit thinking, drive away the mind distracting thoughts, evil thoughts. It is said that those who take this medicine, often have a few days difficult to do evil things.

Incense of Dragon Fairy
"When you smell the incense for half a minute, you will fall asleep, and when you wake up, you will forget everything in the dream, but you will feel that a hundred visions have appeared in the dream, just like the dragon lady's manifestation. Then his heart is satisfied and he is not disturbed by all the things in the world.

Pills of Jade Dream
"Linglong, clear vision also", Linglong Meng Hua Dan can make people even in the illusionary dream, can also see the whole picture, lead the gods to one, so the big dream can wake up. Because in the dream of God awake, so when you wake up remember the dream, really "a pillow of sorghum, looking back disappointed, the dream of Huxu awakened.

Pills of Peaceful
Mother-of-pearl has a calming effect on the mind, and this elixir is made from mother-of-pearl. It is often used when the mind is restless and the mind is weak, and can help sleep and calm down. It is also harmless when taken on weekdays.

Powder of Worry Free
It is made by mixing Chen Pi and Panax notoginseng. When using it, it is necessary to add longan meat and take it with water. This medicine can relieve all the troubles and forget all the worries, it can save those who are sleepless day and night and have no use of all the prescriptions, but since the worries are forgotten, things are also forgotten, so it should be taken with caution.

Pills of Sentiment Control
The seven emotions are: joy, anger, sadness, thought, grief, fear and fear, psychedelic madness, the mind wavers, can not perceive, only one or two of the seven emotions; if you use this medicine, the seven emotions gradually return to the heart, then they know the mortal things, is the feeling of the world.

Drinks of Calm
Empty and clear is to be clear by being empty, so that the mind can be clear and insightful. This drink is colorless, tasteless, and looks like pure water. Once you drink it, you can instantly lose all your views, sounds, smells, perceptions, and thoughts, and your heart will be as empty as it is, while forgetting the illusion and breaking the illusion.

Dew of Spirit
It is made from the world's spiritual herbs and is extremely light, so when it is used, it can be blown into mist and float in mid-air. This fog can enter the illusionary scene before the eyes of those who are disoriented, and wherever it passes, it will be transformed into the real scene. The spirit is known to be true and forget the false, even if the spirit has left the body, the spirit can be called back to the spirit.

Pills of Regather Soul
Divine Herb Soul Gathering Pill is made by taking the root of the immortal material, the Immortal Dew of Guanyin, and refining it seventy-seven to forty-nine times. This pill is rare in the world and can be used to bring back the soul from the sky and the body from the earth, so that those whose souls have died can wake up.

Pills of Stealth Tiger
"A fierce tiger dives deep into the mountains, and a long whistle generates wind". Tiger Submerging Dan can nourish Yin and generate sweat and purify cold energy, after taking it, it is like a fierce tiger lurking in the deep mountains, and the remaining power is also regenerative.

Powder of Fight
It has a very pungent taste and smells like ice chips. It can warm up the menstruation and relieve pain, eliminate swelling, and soothe the tendons and channels to prevent the recurrence of old problems.

Powder of Strengthen Bone
It is yellow in color and granular in shape, salty and sweet in taste, which can make the muscles and bones strong and not afraid of the golden sword, and was once a medicine for the military, and is often used by street jugglers today.

Spirit Pills of Refining Body
There are two ways to practice martial arts inside and outside: one is to refine gas, and the other is to refine the body. Refining the body elixir can nourish the blood, so that the body is as solid as gold and stone, external practitioners often supplemented by this medicine to prevent damage.

Pills of Unbreakable Shield
It is said that when an immortal achieves the true path, his flesh does not rot and his clothes do not break. Although the imperishable treasure pills can not make a person become immortal, but can help the true qi cohesion, outside the body into a treasure clothes, qi is not exhausted, this clothing does not break.

Pills of Dragon Armor
This medicine is warm in nature and mild in taste, it can be taken to greatly nourish Yang Qi, contain the power of the medicine in the skin and make the whole, such as the tortoise lives a thousand years, its shell does not break; dragon soars ten thousand miles, its armor to the firm, so the name "blood turtle dragon armor Dan".

Balm of Ironbone
Iron bone, said the bone is extremely hard, like steel, people can get it if they cultivate hard. This cream is as warm as the winter sun, when used on top of the skin, can make the bone as hard as iron, the sword is difficult to invade.

Powder of Soreless
Soreless Pill is refined with the medicine of activating blood circulation and dispelling blood stasis, which can be taken to attack the surface and the inside and dissolve the ulcer and poison, so that the muscle will not be injured.

Powder of Gold
This medicine is made of blood nourishing and qi nourishing material, when concocted, there is gold gas wrapped around it, after the drug light condensation and does not disperse, it can make the tendons and bones strong, like fine gold, so the name "solid gold san".

Pills of Stone Soul
The color of the earth pantone is like black stone, glossy and shiny, with the effect of strengthening the body and fixing the qi, legend has it that after taking it, you can attract the earth's essence, so that your body is like a rock, standing unshaken.

Pentachrome Pills
The poem: "Someone left me five-colored pills, a grain swallowed after the day old", the color of the pills like the blue sky, but into the water but has five colors, so the name "heavenly heart five-colored pills", after taking the power of the medicine into the five organs, so that people shake, do not feel pain.

Powder of Gold Essence
It is said that when the vital energy is at its peak, its light can shine on the body, and its color is like red gold, so it is called "golden yuan". It is made from the stone of the Heavenly Tonic, and its spiritual light is unpredictable, as if all things are born from it.

Powder of Frangipani
This medicine is made from Su Xin, which is pink and white in color, with a clear aroma and slightly sweet taste.

Incense of Unity
Zhengyuan incense to take several kinds of incense containing herbs blended into incense powder, after burning the aroma through the lungs into the blood, the martial arts can be used to tranquilize the spirit to nourish the yuan, rich families often lend it to fumigate the room.

Pills of Maintenance
"with the nature of the original yuan and use it, then the qi power innate qi also", Xin Xiang Bao Yuan Dan mild medicinal properties, can nourish the yuan and soul, after taking a strange fragrance from the lips and teeth, smell it like returning to the mother's belly, happy and peaceful.

Pills of Protection
As the saying goes, "The heart is the position of the ruler", if the heart is blocked, it is difficult to move the qi; if you want to save people, you must first save the heart. Yuanling Heart Pill can reach the heart directly and has the effect of nourishing the heart's vital energy.

Jade Dew of Golden Dragon
"Morning to wash the libation first wine, condensed like a golden stem autumn dew pearl", Huanglong Qionglu is led by wood incense, dipped in wine; its taste is not wine pungent, but has the sweetness of medicine, can be taken to remove the turbidity and complement the clear.

Pills of Fairy Incense
This Dan white as light, fragrance can be intoxicating, take it can make the gas and to smooth, each from the desired, it will be like the medicine used by the immortal gods, take Li Taibai "water white tiger creek moon, the sky fragrance born void" poetic meaning, named "Tian Xiang Taiyi Dan".

Powder of Benefit
This medicine is like the color of the gold, the drug is dominant, after taking if the Yan Yang into the Dantian, nourishing the vital energy, no matter what kind of medicine to share, the power of this medicine will be the first to post, no comment, so the name "Yi Yuan Di Paste San".

Pills of Treasure Incense
Bao Guang Xiang Wan incense far away and benefit from the clear, there is a green light on the night, especially bright, its taste is pungent and sweet, its color is like snow, take it can be new ears and eyes, nourishing the spirit, so that the vital energy is stable, and the movement is appropriate.

Pills of Jade Candle
This pill is made of soul-quenching herbs, jade-like texture, can be taken with water, can also be burned as incense, after use can fix the mind and relieve fatigue, relieve internal depression, it is: "jade candles to adjust the Yuan millet law even, welcome the long Jiajie belong to Fangchen.

Jade Dew of Noctilucent
When the luminous jade dew is placed in the dark, there will be fluorescent dots, such as the essence of rotting grass, and like the stars shining, take it as if the ice muscle and jade bones are transformed, so that the sea of air is full, not afraid of cold and heat.

Balm of Seven Star
Seven stars to protect the yuan cream made of the legendary Yaochi immortal grass, can lead the seven stars of the spirit for the Royal, into the medicine fragrance all over the field, clear and lovely, like the afterglow, three days and not end.

Treasure Drinks of Jade Pool
As the saying goes, "Qi is the mother of God, and God is the son of Qi. If the gods and qi are all together, they will live forever. Yaochi immortal drink flowing like silver, sweet in the mouth, it is said to be made of orchids born in the blessed land of immortals, which can be taken to nourish the gods and benefit the qi, awakening the human soul, or cloud more food can be long life.

Powder of Jade Shelter
This medicine "can be correct qi to fill the deficiency, solid defense to remove evil, wind and can not re-enter the evil carry on, so according to such as screen and precious as jade also", so the name "jade screen feng san".

Pills of Spiritual Grass
This elixir is induced by the spirit grass, the color is like white and blue, after taking it, it can help the air to return to the dantian, in order to calm down, so the name "spirit grass sinking qi Dan".

Elixir of Jade
XiuYuJinTing uses medicine into tea and protects medicine with tea, its taste is not sweet but bitter, its color is transparent like jade, drinking it can cure wind and cold and bundle the table, relieving fatigue and generating energy.

Powder of Cloud
This medicine is white and tasteless, taking it has a floating feeling, can make the qi move with the gods, the future force into invisible, it is like floating clouds scattered gathering like light, so it is called "Shi Yun San".

Dew of Cyan Yang
Spring for the green Yang, to its "green and warm Yang" also, Qing Yang fairy dew clear as a mountain spring, its taste is slightly astringent, after taking if there is the light of the green Yang all around the body, so that the vitality of the energy, the source of endless.

Dew of Ambergris
It has the light of a hundred treasures, but only those with wisdom can see it. Its taste is both bitter and sweet, and when taken, it eliminates gas and fatigue, and if you get dragon energy, you can fly in the sky.

Pills of Lily Flower
The lily of the valley is fragrant, its medicinal power from the lower jiao, gradually into the three jiao, can be taken to circulate qi and blood, collect the essence of the spirit, or thought to have the function of making people forget, also used in the warm book.

Incense of Three Flowers
The three flowers are the three floras, essence, qi and spirit, which are also divided into the main refining essence into qi, refining qi into spirit, and refining spirit back to the void. This incense can unite the spirit and dissipate the external force like driving away the fog.

Pills of Thousand Miles
Miles of hidden clouds pills made of spiritual materials, its light flowing, such as clouds moving, fragrance and taste sweet, can make the energy vigorous and vitality, such as the roc bird wings, clouds cover thousands of miles.

Crystal Pills of Soul Stabilize
As the ancients said, "Soul is also Yang Qi". It can calm the soul and replenish the yang, so that the Ying and the Wei are in harmony and the Wei is solid outside.

Powder of Freedom
Release, release also. After taking it, it can unload the force of 10,000 pounds, but it is necessary to use the medicine of great tonic to clear the heart and strengthen the body, so that one's body will not be injured by the strong wind, in order to achieve the state of free release and not trying to brutal courage.

Dew of Bodhi
Nine is the extreme number, saying that the number of colors is also, nine colors of Bodhi dew light because of the time and change, such as see the world of all colors, its taste seems to have if not, take it can open the spiritual consciousness, knowledge can be broken and unbreakable, can be broken, then the Royal, unbreakable, then avoid it.

Pills of Essence
This elixir is made of nourishing medicine and is as yellow as a field, hence the name "Zui Huang Dan". It has a sweet and flat taste and can help to stabilize the mind and keep it from being disturbed by the five colors.

Pills of Nourish
It has a cool and clear taste and is as blue as water. After taking it, if a cold spring gushes out from the heart chakra and travels around the body, it can make the ears and eyes clear and the vision uncluttered.

Treasure Pills of Clouds
The pills use the essence of spiritual materials to guide the innate qi, which can be taken to understand the nature of things, the sense of heaven and earth, the so-called "look at the willow to know the wind, pluck the clouds to see the sun", are not under the words.

Pills of Mystery
Inch coincidence, said to avoid the real on the virtual, to tricky to win the force. Inch coincidence inch gold Dan color like gold, has the effect of removing turbid gas, clear the ears and eyes, take it can identify the reality.

Pills of Ruby White
It is named "Red and White Dan" because of its pure white body and red pattern on it, which can harmonize the qi and blood and make all the limbs work like an arm.

Pills of Amber
Amber Ruyi Dan has the color of red amber and the fragrance of cardamom. It can be taken to make up for deficiencies and relieve congestion, making the body lighter, and the line stopping as desired.

Incense of Perfect
All things taken lightly will not work, think twice to be safe. The incense is refined with several kinds of spiritual substances, which can help people to find a ray of life between the mind flash.

Powder of Breeze
"The square hole is called yarn, pepper hole is called Luo". Luo is twisted and woven, holding a hair is moving the whole body, but the fragrant Luo San into the upper jiao meridians, taking it can make people see through the net, outline and take the lead.

Pills of Mirror
As the saying goes: "empty pond diarrhea spring, ancient mirror shine God", mirror Dan shape is special, transparent as visible objects, after taking can make people's eyes like a torch, the wind blowing grass into the eyes; heart clear like a mirror, tarzan collapse in front without changing color.

Pills of Eight Immortals
"The Eight Immortals are said to be the eight sages who attained immortality with their mortal bodies and are good at divine powers. The Eight Immortals Miaohua Dan is shaped like a lotus flower, after taking it, it can make the mind clear and the magic incessantly, like getting the legacy of the Eight Immortals.

Pills of Azure Dragon
"The dragon lying in the sea is not yet called majestic, but it rises and shakes the nine winds". The color of Cang Long Lie Hai Dan is blue, like the deep sea of ten thousand miles; there are golden lines on it, like a dragon lying on it; after taking it, the medicine power will be developed, like a flying dragon in the sky, which can give a clear view of the mundane world.

Powder of All- purpose
The poem says: "There is no dust in the pure and pure, and there are ten thousand responses in the pure and pure". Wan Ying Ling Long San is a miracle medicine in the world, which can make people's spiritual platform clear, feel the blossoms and leaves fall, observe the beginning of the autumn, understand the wonders of all the laws, and adapt to the situation at random.

Powder of Silverlight
This medicine is made of spirit stone, luster like silver, so called "silver light powder", its taste is slightly bitter, after taking can stimulate the potential, make people agile.

Pills of Mist
Flying fog Dan made of strange stones, with silver light, after taking only feel light as fog, and move at will, such as with the interval into the interminable, with ease.

Drinks of Pentachrome
The five light drink is as sweet as a mountain spring, and after taking it, it makes people move easily, like "colorful clouds coming out of the cliff, five lights hovering, ten colors in the land", making people dazzled.

Dew of Illusion
The mirror flower dew is colorless and tasteless, just like the morning dew, after taking it, it can make people swift and elusive, like mirror flowers and invisible, water and moon without shadow.

Pills of Cyan Frost
Green frost and blue water pills are taken from the elixir and green frost, blue water condensation, its color is like leeks, the best in autumn, after taking the best, such as green frost, purple lightning wind.

Fantasy Cicada Dew
It is made of late autumn dew and early winter cicadas. Its color is unpredictable, its taste is sweet and fleeting, and after taking it, it makes people go away like riding on the wind, only hearing its sound but not seeing its shadow.

Dew of Jade Hibiscus
Jade hibiscus clear spirit dew with drunken hibiscus as the introduction, after taking first a tiredness rise, breathing is all the flower fragrance, this fragrance dissipated after the ears and eyes clear, fresh as a wash.

Drunken Lotus
As the saying goes, "wine is not drunk, everyone is drunk", and Lianhua is as clear as a lotus.

Powder of Relaxing
Hundred kinds of flowers free and easy to take a hundred kinds of rare herbs made, especially flowers are better, extremely luxurious, after taking it will feel its body floating, do not know where to stop, such as "to the gods free and abrupt, and do not see its face" cloud.

Pills of Colorless
This elixir is colorless and tasteless. A senior monk once saw it and praised it for being in line with the principle of "color is emptiness and emptiness is color", hence the name; after taking it, it can be free from external disturbances, and even if all five senses are lost, one can still perceive the first opportunity.

Spirit Tea of Immortals
Nine spirits: dragon, phoenix, tiger, bull, silkworm, luan, deer, jiao, ape also, the original need for this medicine to nine spirits as a guide, less a spirit is the power of the medicine is reduced by one point, the medicine has nine colors intertwined, it is said that only the emperor can enjoy. There is a limit to human power, so only one or two of the flavors, but also has a miraculous effect.

Golden Cicada Mulse
Golden silkworm honey drink made of precious spiritual materials, although it is a medicine and the world's best taste, extremely rare, after taking the silkworms, such as the birth of two wings, shifting the shape of a new body, the bones, which all kinds of feelings, it is difficult for outsiders.

Powder of Worms Saliva
It tastes slightly fishy, bitter and sweet. It can stop coughing and eliminate heat, regulate qi and harmonize the middle of the body, and is often used by families with young children.

Pills of Youth Dragon
This elixir is made from five kinds of snakes, so it is called "Xiao Long Nei Zhuang Dan", which can dispel wind and evil and nourish the right qi.

Pills of Earth Emperor
This elixir is introduced with various flavors of earthbound insects and snakes, hence the name Dihuang Dan. Its color is earthy yellow, tastes fishy and bitter, but has the effect of unblocking the meridians.

Pills of Treasure Blood
It has three colors: green, gold and red. Its color is mysterious, its taste is flat, and its nature enters the three jiao, so it can clear the congestion of the meridians.

Pills of Purity
"Three unified for a yuan, so because of the yuan a and nine three of the law", yuan a Dan medicine power is strange, after taking first gathered around the body of the gas for a yuan, get rid of miscellaneous gas, then scattered back, can be in the exhale and help the true qi run.

Pills of Python Gallbladder
Although the Ba Python Xuan Bile Pill is made of Ba snake's gall, but there is no trace of fishy bile, there is a hidden treasure light on it, rare and unusual, take it to heal the heart and abdominal diseases, so that the qi is complete.

Musk Balm of Rejuvenation
Musk rejuvenation cream with musk as the main material, its color or brown or brown, aroma overflowing, soft and delicious, rumor has it that there are people who have chapters of the meridians take it, like dry wood to spring, immediately healed.

Incense of Legacy
The incense is made from the medicine of breath regulation and Daigo. It is milky white in color and smells like orchid dahurica, which can improve the vitality of the body.

Dew of Soul Protection
As the saying goes, "Ying and Wei are the essence of Qi", Ying and Blood are Yin and Wei Qi are Yang, if Ying and Wei are not in harmony, Qi and Blood will not flow smoothly. It is made from herbs that nourish qi, and can be taken to reconcile ying and gui, and harmonize yin and yang.

Jade Elixir of Golden Dew
Golden dew Qiong drink can make the qi and blood from the smooth, the spirit within the guard, its quality such as flowing gold, elusive, not like earthly things, so there are poems: "steal the lack of kisses to absorb the jelly, shed all the bones and hair for fairy".

Powder of Innate
The innate, before the birth of the body, heaven and earth, parents also endowed; innate deficiency, the body is weak, internal weakness, difficult to regulate. This medicine can be used to replenish the innate spirit and calm the chaos of the qi, so it is called "innate san".

Peach Dew of Divine Empress
The Golden Mother, also known as the Western Queen Mother, the West is gold, it is also known as "Golden Mother". Golden Mother Peach Dew contains the essence of immortal fruit, flowing like a rainbow, its taste is sweet and timeless, unforgettable through the years, can be taken to nourish the gas and suppress evil, dredge the eight channels of the strange meridians.

Soup of Nourish
As the saying goes, "The movement of breathing is due to the development of blood and qi. The hair of blood and qi is attached to flesh and bone. This soup can be taken to nourish blood and vitalize qi, so that the strength is self-generated, hence the name.

Balm of Bone Strengthen
Bone is attached to the skin and flesh, weakness is weak, healthy is strong, strong bone cream brownish yellow color, its taste slightly pungent, take it as drinking strong wine, can make the tendons and bones strong and healthy.

Pills of Power
Powerful hundred forging pills to live blood and tendons of the medicine combined with honey refining, take it can make the tendons and bones like a hundred forged steel, hands and feet are heavy with gold and iron, the sound of breaking wind.

Pills of Enhance
Thousand pills taste bitter brown, after taking can make a burst of a thousand pounds of force, unstoppable, if not a deep external strength, it can only respond to the tricky force, or fear the risk of extinction.

Powder of Divine Strength
Shen Gong Zhuang Li San is made of herbs to produce muscle and nourish blood, the medicine is black and red, in the form of dry powder, after taking it, the strength is greatly increased, the shape is in the voice, as if learning Shen Gong Lion Roar.

Powder of Ganoderma King
It is rumored that Chi King is born in the middle of the heavenly blessed land, and even the strange immortal herbs, can live the dead, flesh and bone; Chi King Qi Ying San uses Lingzhi as a guide, and it also has the effect of removing all diseases and gaining vitality.

Tiger's Strength
Tiger Rex is made of tiger bone as the ruling medicine, combined with various herbs and strong wine, it has the effect of strengthening the bones and enhancing the strength, after taking it, it can make people forget themselves, like the might of a fierce tiger.

Pills of Vitality
The pill is made with the essence of the beast as the main ingredient, and when taken, you will feel a surge of strength around your body, like a living tiger, and you can go into battle and move like the wind.

Pills of Giant Strength
Kui is also the head. Three Kui Powerful Dan is made of three rare herbs as a guide, the effect of tonic Yang is the leader of the medicine, its color is like gold and jade, take it only feel "back to the mountains and the sea is not difficult".

Powder of Lion Roar
The poem reads: "The hand receives the flying brisk and fights the carving tiger, the side foot scorches the original without saying bitter", the three saints fight the lion into the color of red, smell the fishy bone and blood, after taking the hot blood surge, suddenly the saint and the group of lions fight the power.

Pills of Beast King
This Dan is made of bone and blood of spiritual beasts as a guide, brown and ochre, taste slightly fishy and sweet, with a clear fragrance, take it can make a continuous source of energy, so that a hundred beasts are invincible, bow down and retreat, so the name "beast king Dan".

Pills of Blood Turtle
Blood Turtle Tongtian Pill is made from the blood of a spiritual beast, its color is red, the treasure light rises to the sky, touching it is hurt, need to be filled with gold; take it to get the power of the ghosts and gods, even if it is easy to pull up mountains and reclamation, or said: "its power can break all the laws".

Pills of Ginseng
Ginseng can restore the pulse and consolidate the loss of energy, and cure the weakness of long-standing diseases. Ginseng is used as a primer to replenish vital energy, making the body strong and agile.

Soup of Energy
"people endowed with qi and born, containing qi and grow", qi away from the decline, qi together is healthy, this medicine can be taken to make people travel qi smoothly, body and hands, so the name "qi together soup".

Drinks of Stable Breath
As the saying goes, "Clear qi is above, turbid qi is below", the spleen is responsible for ascending the clear, the stomach is responsible for descending the turbid, and the turbid is in disorder, the four bodies are restless. This medicine tastes slightly numb and stinging throat, into the spleen and stomach two meridians, take it can make the clear and turbid return to the position, the four bodies light.

Dew of Spirit Pool
Spirit pool fragrant dew is a collection of mountain and sea of spiritual medicine, supplemented by the morning dew boiled and made, its medicine color ink purple, take it to have a health effect, its spiritual light shimmering, fragrant, rumors can be seen in the immortal Yao Chi scene.

Elixir of Skyline
There is a saying: "What can be said about Xuantian, Rui Lu Qing Pine flourish". Xuantianbao drink is as black as ink, thick as soup, and can be taken to calm Yin and Yang secretly and nourish the spirit.

Snow Elixir of Ginseng
The poem says: "There is already a ginseng, and more frost and snow bath spirit", ginseng snow drink with rare snow ginseng as a guide, supplemented with snow water, after taking it, make people like a frost and snow, the spirit of a revitalization.

Frangipani Powder of Spirit
It has a white pigment, fine particles, and a refreshing aroma when smelling it, which has a waking effect.

Incense of Mind
The poem says: "who put the fragrance through the bones", the heart incense needs to be held in jade and ignited, at first you do not feel it, but in a short time there will be a fragrance through the bones, permeating the heart and spleen, nourishing the meridians of the person.

Incense of Diving Dragon
Submerged dragon cigarette color goose yellow, after burning up for a long time, ambush in the ground, like a dragon in the water, with which you can grow the spirit, benefit the body, like a dragon lurking with the wonderful.

Incense of Energy
The Six Gods, namely the Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, Xuanwu, Tengxu and Gou Chen. It is said that when the incense of the six gods is burned in a quiet room, the smoke becomes the shape of the gods and beasts, and it is said that the six gods can be invited to work together to make people move quickly and fast like smoke clouds.

Pills of Energy
The Ten Fragrance Gathering Element Pill is made from ten kinds of precious herbs, which can be taken to gather elements and nourish the spirit, so that people can reach the strength, and there are rumors that it can make the three souls and seven spirits all return to their places, which is very miraculous.

Immortals Drunk
"The Taoist does not understand the drink, drunken heavenly fragrance", the heavenly fragrance drunken immortal drink to the god of jade in the wine, its color light green, aroma pale, it is said to last a hundred years and not bad, drink it is like a drunken immortal in the world, when the hand in a trance, but there is no mistake.

Ruby Honey
It is sweet and delicious, transparent like crystal and red like pomegranate.

Pills of Tonic
As the saying goes: "The heart is fire, the main body of the blood", clear tonic pill can clear the heart of evil fire, refresh and open the mind, can also be taken in the summer, cold to remove heat.

Soup of Wisdom
It is made from three decoctions of the herb "Tian Zhi Tang", which can refresh the spirit and give you the gift of wisdom.

Powder of Spirit Mountain
"It is said that the spiritual mountain is the abode of Buddha and can help sentient beings to become enlightened. This medicine is made of Qi Hua Yao Cao and can clear the mind after taking it, just like going to the spiritual mountain and listening to Buddha's words.

Pills of Frost Jade
Rumor has it that jade can communicate with the gods and inspire the heavens and the earth; Heavenly Frost White Jade Pill is made of spiritual material, white as jade, like being frosted with snow, taking it cold, making one's spirit refreshing and one's mind clear.

Pills of Snow Lotus
Water moistens the four directions and gets the aura of all things. Snow lotus has been born through a thousand years of frost, after the medicine is bright as water, rolled into a pill, the spirit of bright light, take it to nourish the spiritual root, open the wisdom of the eyes, know the world's wonders.

Powder of Amber
This medicine is induced by the male yellow, sheep's yellow, yellow essence, male yellow into the liver, sheep's yellow to the lung, yellow essence tonic qi, take it to make the human heart righteous and clear, it is said to be the legacy of the Jade Clear Heavenly Father, so called "three yellow Yu Qing San".

Grass Jelly
Immortal grass drink into the color of pale emerald drops, with the effect of concentration, its taste is fresh and refreshing, served with a drifting intoxication, a move but as the guidance of immortals, in line with the Avenue.

Elixir of Emerald
The color of the drink is like a green spring, and its taste is cool, as if there are all the wonders of the world, deep and beautiful, can be taken to reconcile the two qi of yin and yang, wash away the dust and dirt.

Pills of Emerald
The seven treasures, also known as the seven treasures, are gold, silver, glaze, pear, jade, red pearl and amber. The Seven Treasures Jade Pill is said to be made from the essence of the Seven Treasures and herbs, with a shell like jasper and a seven-colored glow inside, as if seeing all the wonders of the world.

Pills of Amethyst
Ziwei is the Purple Wei, the star of the emperor, surrounded by the stars, living in the North Pole. The color of this elixir is like green gold, on which there is a convergence of immortal energy, take it to get the power of the emperor's star, look beyond the mundane.

Pills of Ambergris
There is a saying: "Deep ash and slow fire raise dragon's saliva". The Dragon's Mouth Wuji Dan needs to take the dragon's mouth with warm jade and place it in the burning ash of paulownia wood with a lid for a long time to form the Dan.

Balm of Snowy
Snow clam paste is made by boiling the essence of snow clam, its color is milky white, its taste is fresh and fragrant, taking it can tonify the kidneys and benefit the essence, eliminate fatigue and relieve fatigue.

Powder of Crane
Immortal Crane San is made of medicine to invigorate the blood and relax the tendons, and after taking it, the body is light and healthy, so that it can be like a crane, "the cloud pine perches on a stable branch", "falling down and wanting to go, and is straightforward".

Pills of Force
It is commonly said that "the way to refine the body, precious in the true essence", solid real pill into the color of orange, taste sweet and flat, can be taken to strengthen the essence, so that the pace of people smooth, martial arts practitioners commonly used.

Pills of Hundred Grass
The Seven Knot Pill is made by taking a hundred herbs and refining them through seven processes. Its color changes seven times, and it can nourish the vital essence, benefit the middle energy, strengthen the muscles and bones, and strengthen the liver and kidneys.

Soup of Spirit
"Those who perform Yi Yi are said to always think of the spirit and treasure. The spirit is also the god; the treasure is also the essence. Ling Bao Jin Tang was originally developed for the Taoist, and it can be taken to calm the spirit and fix the essence, making people walk well.

Black Dew of Divine
The world says: "Those who attain the path of virtue have a childish face and cranial hair, those who eat Shou Wu have a childish face and black hair". This medicine contains the aura of Shou Wu, containing the ink-colored divine light, can be taken to strengthen the teeth and hair, temporary return of youth.

Powder of Vanquished Tiger
"The tiger is the people's problem. Fu Hu San is a strong and fierce medicine, which can make the person stable and healthy, such as a tiger Ben's momentum.

Martial Champion Soup
Wu Zhou Chang'an two years, the emperor set up the martial arts examination, the world began to be able to see the martial arts into; to Zhao Song Yu Ling time, the party has the "martial scholar" name. This soup tonic yuan benefit in, rumor has it that can make the former martial arts scholar day tour of the capital and breath does not stagnate, so called "martial arts scholar soup".

Soup of Tonic
This soup has the effect of strengthening the body and the vital energy, its color is slightly red, the aroma is thick, drink it is warm all over the body, is in the nine cold lying on the ice is not afraid.

Soup of Nine Treasures
Tianbao nine things soup made of nine kinds of exotic treasures, its color blood red, crystal translucent, in between there is a fine silk, look at the "things of heaven, dragon light shot cattle market" phase, is the gold and water phased medicine, take it can be like a dragon fly tiger run.

Drinks of Jade Wine
"The Taoist reads the Danjing, and the Buddhist priest refines the jade liquid, and the wine is full of golden goblets, and the clear face is vermilion. It is rumored that the golden goblet jade liquid is the heavenly palace immortal brew, the spirit of light like jade, serve it can be born immortal bones, can solve a thousand sorrows.

Pills of Youth
There is a saying: "graceful curl more than 13, cardamom tip early February". Cardamom Dan fragrance such as ginger cinnamon, taste sweet near milk, after taking can make people temporarily off the mortal, light body, such as the return of cardamom years, is a rare and rare medicine.

Powder of Ruby
The poem says: "Cut the shirt to rush the white ramie, welcome the guests to go Zhu Che", Zhu Che is a common object of rich families, the outside of the vermilion lacquer, smooth and light, this medicine can make people move like Zhu Che's disease, so the name "Zhu Che San".

Pills of Red Cloud
Hao Xia Dan color like rainbow haze, taste sweet and salty, is made of a variety of nourishing qi blood medicine, after taking can make a person's qi and blood and smooth, the action is like walking clouds and water.

Elixir of Sky
It is clear and sweet, clear and transparent, and can be drunk to make the five bodies light and healthy, and make the steps windy, which can be said: "Flying clouds float without shadow, suspected from outside the sky".

Powder of Chasing Light
This is made of immortal herbs, immortal fungus, immortal dew, with the effect of rationalizing the qi and smooth, light and healthy body, take it to move quickly, as if walking by light, so the name "three immortals by the light.

Dew of Pentachrome
The poem says: "Last night the clouds were born to worship the first moon, and the dew of 10,000 years was in a crystal dish". The five-color Hua Guang Dew is made from the dew of the alternating sun and moon plus the juice of immortal grasses, and its color is multicolored and gorgeous.

Tantalum Xianlu
Tantra Meditation Fairy Dew is made from Tantra Meditation flowers, rumor has it that it was accidentally obtained by Dukang when making wine, serving it is like getting the wings of a bird, the body is as light as a feather, floating like a fairy.

Pills of Wind Stop
The wind-defining elixir is led by a cushioned stone, colored like a blue pool, with a hidden light, which can guide the air back to the wind after taking it, and can stand tall in the headwind, which is loved by seafarers.

Pills of Moon Sky
It is said that the world does not know the true from the false, such as macaques want to get the moon in the water, water moon empty green pills made of the material to pass the pulse, take it to brighten the eyes to remove the cataract, so that the true and false is not confused, the mind is clear.

Pills of Rainbow
This pill is concocted by taking the medicine garden earth, earth stone, river tree, grass under the tree, grass on the dew, all five elements are available, mutually dependent, the finished medicine has seven colors of treasure light, so the name "seven colors of treasure pill", can make the qi and blood and smooth, remove the turbidity to get clear.

Dew of Clouds
Legend has it that the light of the rainbow is ever-changing, only the immortals can be used, this medicine is clear as water, after taking the action is fast, the viewer only see the rainbow clear light, it is "green clouds and white neon, lifting a long arrow and shooting the wolf", so the name "neon clear dew".

Pills of Speedy
As the saying goes: "thunder does not disturb its hearing, the valley does not stumble its step, the gods of the line," the thousand miles of the gods of the line to the earth's most spiritual things made, can raise the clear and remove the turbulence, served like a heavenly horse, with the momentum of a thousand miles a day.

Pills of Cicada Metamorphosis
It is said that the cicada stings for a hundred years, and its shell molts once every ten years, a total of nine molts can become immortal cicada. This pill is made of cold cicada with blazing feathers, containing the spirit of heaven and earth, the light of the sun and moon, take it can be lighter and faster, like feathering and ascending to immortality.

Pills of Violence
Take the grass to ward off evil pounded into juice, and then use the "poison against poison" method to remove the toxicity, in order to get the green hostile pill. This pill is green in color, the spirit of the grass to guide the evil and hostile gas, look at the chills.

Powder of Incense
ShengXiaoShan is made of herbs, its fragrance, long lasting, a few moments after taking it will make the body a strange fragrance, with the wind and move, although they do not feel, but can disturb the mind, confuse people's actions.

General Soup
As the saying goes: "a general is the pillar of the country, but also carries the sin of killing, this soup is extremely fierce, after serving can make a person's aura rise, if the famous general in the sands, the knife will see blood, there is no return.

Powder of Yaksha
The nightjar is one of the eight heavenly dragons, swift and powerful, and was once the incarnation of a bodhisattva. This is called "Night Fork San" because it can stimulate people's courage and make them as strong as the night fork that protects the Dharma and is invincible.

Powder of Vidyaraja
After taking this medicine, it has a wrathful appearance, just like the Fudao Ming King's wish of "those who see my body develop bodhichitta, those who hear my name break the evil and practice goodness", and break the obstruction of all sentient beings, which can make the evil devils fear and the foreigners tremble.

Pills of Vanquished Dragon
The dragon lives in the second of the eight, its power is incredible, occasionally evil for the world, mortals are difficult to match. This elixir is pale in color, and can be taken to harden the flesh, such as the power of Luohan to subdue the dragon.

Black Balm of Ghostworm
Ghost insects drink the essence of the king of the beast blood and born, to the concoction for the paste, it is taken as if a hundred beasts to submit to the momentum; its black color, as if a ghost face born on it, strange and scary, can stop children crying at night.

Pills of Blood Refining
Blood refining pills need to be refined with the blood of spiritual beasts, ochre color and black, its taste is very spicy, after taking such as blazing fire burning meridians, so that people's eyes red, itchy, like losing their wits against the enemy, the move to kill.

Powder of Frenzy
It is fishy and incomparable. It is like being tortured by a cannon and splitting a corpse.

Powder of Far Lands
"The Eight Wastelands, the eight directions of the wilderness and the faraway land. The color of this medicine is red and almost gold, after taking it, the spirit is invigorated, the power of medicine is omnipresent, and the courage and power of the four lands are subservient, such as the first emperor "encompass the four seas, and swallow the eight wastes", so it is called "eight wastes".

Powder of Demonic Blood
It is said that when people lose their minds and are driven by anger, their blood color will turn black. Black blood madness demon pills are concocted with foreign animals, its taste is extremely bitter, after taking the appearance of madness, eyes like a deep pool, even ordinary moves also have amazing power, if not the power of the medicine dissipates, the gods and ghosts are difficult to stop.

Pills of Dragon Essence
According to legend, the Dragon is the head of the dragons, born in the darkness of heaven and earth, the beginning of the flood, the power can be through the gods, several views of the vicissitudes, and then I do not know where to go, this Dan has a trace of the Dragon's aura, take it as the power of the open sky.

Ten revolutions of dusty heart
Where does the earthly mind go when there are ten turns of bitterness and happiness?

Premature Red-eyed Gu
The body is planted with the Red-eyed Gu that knows it's master. \nThe Red-eyed Gu has blood-red pupils and red spots on its body, which is a Miaojiang Gu made from the skulls of the dead. \nPremature Red-eyed Gu will increase the host's chance of hitting the enemy; \nPremature Red-eyed Gu needs to consume 3 Gu charges from the host or the opponent after each attack, otherwise this Gu will die.

The body is planted with the Red-eyed Gu that knows it's master. \nThe Red-eyed Gu with blood-red pupils and red spots is a Miaojiang parasite made from the skulls of the dead. \nPremature Red-eyed Gu will make the host's chance of hitting the enemy greatly increased; \nWhenever the toxicity in the host's body attacks, the Premature Red-eyed Gu will have a certain chance of turning into a Mature Red-eyed Gu.

The body is planted with the Red-eyed Gu. \nThe Red-eyed Gu with blood-red pupils and red spots is a Miaojiang parasite made from the skulls of the dead. \nPremature Red-eyed Gu will make the host's chance of hitting the enemy greatly reduced; \nPremature Red-eyed Gu needs to consume 3 Gu charges from the host or the opponent after each attack, otherwise this Gu will die.

The body is planted with the Red-eyed Gu. \nThe Red-eyed Gu with blood-red pupils and red spots is a Miaojiang parasite made from the skulls of the dead. \nPremature Red-eyed Gu will make the host's chance of hitting the enemy greatly reduced; \nWhenever the toxicity in the host's body attacks, the Premature Red-eyed Gu will have a certain chance of turning into a Mature Red-eyed Gu.

Mature Red-eyed Gu
The body was planted with Red-eyed Gu. \nThe Red-eyed Gu has blood-red pupils and red spots on its body, and is a Miao Gu made from the skulls of the dead. \nRed-eyed Gu will make the host's chance of hitting the enemy significantly reduced.

Premature Chi Demon Gu
The body is planted with the Chi Demon Gu that knows it's master. \n The Chi Demon Gu is fed with hundreds of flowers and then smoked with dozens of fragrant woods, with a light purple body color and a faint shine. \n Premature Chi Demon Gu will add 1 Breath injury to the enemy when the host's toxicity strikes; \n Premature Chi Demon Gu needs to consume 2 Gu charges from the host or the opponent after each attack, otherwise this Gu will die.

The body is planted with the Chi Demon Gu that knows it's master. \n The Chi Demon Gu is fed with hundreds of flowers and then smoked with dozens of fragrant woods, with a light purple body color and a faint shine. \n Premature Chi Demon Gu will add 1 Breath injury mark to the enemy when the host's toxicity strikes; \n When the host pivots into evil or into the devil, the Premature Chi Demon Gu will turn into Mature Chi Demon Gu at the end of the month.

The body is planted with the Chi Demon Gu. \n cThe Chi Demon Gu is fed with hundreds of flowers and then smoked with dozens of fragrant woods, with a light purple body color and a faint shine. \n Premature Chi Demon Gu will add 1 Breath injury to the host when the host's toxicity attacks; \n Premature Chi Demon Gu needs to consume 2 Gu charges from the host or the opponent after each attack, otherwise this Gu will die.

The body is planted with the Chi Demon Gu. \n cThe Chi Demon Gu is fed with hundreds of flowers and then smoked with dozens of fragrant woods, with a light purple body color and a faint shine. \n Premature Chi Demon Gu will add 1 Breath injury to the host when the host's toxicity strikes; \n When the host pivots into evil or into the devil, the Premature Chi Demon Gu will turn into a Mature Chi Demon Gu at the end of the month.

Mature Chi Demon Gu
The body is planted with the Chi Demon Gu. \n cThe Chi Demon Gu is fed with hundreds of flowers and then smoked with dozens of fragrant woods, with a light purple body color and a faint shine. \n Chi Demon Gu will add 1 Breath injury mark to the host when the host's toxicity kicks in.

Premature Sinister Blood Gu
The body is planted with the Sinister Blood Gu that knows it's master. \nIt is a poisonous Gu that penetrates the enemy's flesh and blood and is then applied to the enemy's bones. \nPremature Sinister Blood Gu will greatly increase the host's "Healing" and "Detox" effects in battle; \nPremature Sinister Blood Gu needs to consume 3 Gu charges from the host or the opponent after each attack, otherwise, this Gu will die.

The body is planted with the Sinister Blood Gu that knows it's master. \nSinister Blood Gu is black in color, fishy and smelly, it is a poisonous Gu that penetrates the enemy's flesh and blood and then applies it to the enemy's bones. \nPremature Sinister Blood Gu will make the host's "Healing" and "Detox" effects in battle greatly increased; \nWhenever the host uses "Healing" and "Detox" in battle, the Premature Sinister Blood Gu will have a certain chance to turn into Mature Sinister Blood Gu.

The body is planted with the Sinister Blood Gu. \nIt is a poisonous Gu that penetrates the enemy's flesh and blood and is then applied to the enemy's bones. \nPremature Sinister Blood Gu will cause the host's "Healing" and "Detox" effects in battle to be greatly reduced; \nEach attack of Premature Sinister Blood Gu requires the consumption of 3 Gu charges from the host or the opponent, otherwise this Gu will die.

The body is planted with the Sinister Blood Gu. \nIt is a poisonous Gu that penetrates the enemy's flesh and blood and is then applied to the enemy's bones. \nPremature Sinister Blood Gu will cause the host's "Healing" and "Detox" effects in battle to be significantly reduced; \nWhenever the host uses "Healing" and "Detox" in battle, the Premature Sinister Blood Gu will have a certain chance of turning into Mature Sinister Blood Gu.

Mature Sinister Blood Gu
The body was planted with Sinister Blood Gu. \nIt is a poisonous Gu that penetrates the enemy's flesh and blood and is then applied to the enemy's bones. \nSinister Blood Gu will significantly reduce the host's "Healing" and "Detox" effects in battle.

Premature Internal Demon Gu
The body was planted to know the Lord's Heart Demon Gu's wake-Gu. \n Heart Demon Gu is a secret insect used by the Five Immortals Sect to punish traitors, extremely difficult to refine, and its form is rarely known. \nWhen the host's true qi increases, it will increase the host's random type of true qi by another 1 point, and according to the host's original increased amount of true qi, the host will obtain a Gu.

The body was planted to know the Lord's Heart Demon Gu's wake-Gu. \n Heart Demon Gu is a secret insect used by the Five Immortals Sect to punish traitors, extremely difficult to refine, and its form is rarely known. \nThe Heart Demon Gu will increase the host's true qi by 1 point when the host's true qi increases, and will give the host a Gu according to the host's originally increased true qi quantity; \nWhen the host is in a happy or sad mood, the Heart Demon Gu will turn into a Heart Demon Gu when the month changes.

The body was planted with the heart demon Gu of the wakizashi. \n Heart Demon Gu is a secret insect used by the Five Immortals Sect to punish traitors, it is extremely difficult to refine and its form is rarely known. \nWhen the host's true qi decreases, it will cause the host's random type of true qi to decrease by 1 point, and cause the opponent to obtain the Gu according to the host's original reduced amount of true qi.

The body was planted with the heart demon Gu of the wakizashi. \n Heart Demon Gu is a secret insect used by the Five Immortals Sect to punish traitors, it is extremely difficult to refine and its form is rarely known. \nThe Heart Demon Gu will reduce the host's true qi by 1 point when the host's true qi decreases, and will cause the opponent to obtain the Gu according to the host's original reduced true qi quantity; \nWhen the host is in a happy or sad mood, the Heart Demon Gu will turn into a Heart Demon Gu when the month changes.

Mature Internal Demon Gu
The body was planted with the Heart Demon Gu. \nIt is a secret insect used by the Five Immortals Sect to punish traitors, extremely difficult to refine, and its form is rarely known. \nWhen the host's true qi decreases, it will cause the host's random type of true qi to decrease by 1 point and cause the opponent to obtain the Gu according to the host's original reduced amount of true qi.

Premature Zombie Gu
The body is planted with the Zombie Gu that knows it's master. \n To die in the most yin place, the fate of pure yin dead body refining Gu, so the "9 Yin Zombie Gu". 9 Yin Zombie Gu into the body of the living will be crazy growth, after eating flesh and blood will break the body out, like a large chi. \nPremature Zombie Gu will reduce the degree of injury of 1 differenet random injury of the host by 2 levels after the host has been directly injured; \n Premature Zombie Gu needs to consume 7 Gu charges of the host or the opponent after each attack, otherwise this Gu will die.

The body is planted with the Zombie Gu that knows it's master. \n To die in the most yin place, the fate of pure yin dead body refining Gu, so the "9 Yin Zombie Gu". 9 Yin Zombie Gu into the body of the living will be crazy growth, after eating flesh and blood will break the body out, like a large chi. \nPremature Zombie Gu will reduce the degree of injury of 1 different random injury of the host by 2 levels after the host has been directly injured; \nWhen the total number of external injuries suffered by the host reaches 12 or more, the Premature Zombie Gu will reduce the health of the host to 0 at the change of month and will be transferred to the bodies of up to 5 characters in its location to become a Mature Zombie Gu.

The body was planted with the Zombie Gu. \n To die in the most yin place, the fate of pure yin dead body refining Gu, so the "9 Yin Zombie Gu". 9 Yin Zombie Gu into the body of the living will be crazy growth, after eating flesh and blood will break the body out, like a large chi. \nPremature Zombie Gu will worsen the degree of injury of 1 different random injury of the host by 1 level after the host has been directly injured; \n Premature Zombie Gu needs to consume 7 Gu of the host or the opponent after each attack, otherwise this Gu will die.

The body was planted with the Zombie Gu. \n To die in the most yin place, the fate of pure yin dead body refining Gu, so the "9 Yin Zombie Gu". 9 Yin Zombie Gu into the body of the living will be crazy growth, after eating flesh and blood will break the body out, like a large chi. \nPremature Zombie Gu will worsen the degree of injury of 1 different random injury of the host by 1 level after the host has been directly injured; \nWhen the total number of external wounds suffered by the host reaches 12 or more, the Premature Zombie Gu will reduce the health of the host to 0 at the change of month and will be transferred to the bodies of up to 5 characters in its location to become a Mature Zombie Gu.

Mature Zombie Gu
The body was planted with the Zombie Gu. \n To die in the most yin place, the fate of the pure yin of the dead body refining Gu, so that the "9 Yin Zombie Gu". 9 Yin Zombie Gu into the body of the living will be crazy growth, after eating flesh and blood will break the body out, like a large chi. \nAfter the host has been directly injured, it will worsen the degree of the host's injury by 1 level in 1 different random injury.

Premature Icy Silkworm Gu
The body is planted with the Jade Ice Silkworm Gu that knows it's master. \nOnce the Jade Ice Silkworm Gu invades the bloodline, the victim will die immediately and the body will not decay after death. \n Premature Jade Ice Silkworm Gu reduces the injury level of the direct damage taken by the host by 30%; \n Premature Jade Ice Silkworm Gu needs to consume 4 Gu charges of the host or opponent after each attack, otherwise this Gu will die.

The body is planted with the Jade Ice Silkworm Gu that knows it's master. \nOnce the Jade Ice Silkworm Gu invades the bloodline, the victim will die immediately and the body will not decay after death. \n Premature Jade Ice Silkworm Gu reduces the injury level of the direct damage taken by the host by 30%; \nWhen the total of internal injuries suffered by the host reaches 12 and above, the Premature Jade Ice Silkworm Gu will turn into Mature Jade Ice Silkworm Gu at the change of month.

The body is planted with the Jade Ice Silkworm Gu. \n Once the Jade Ice Silkworm Gu invades the bloodline, the victim will die immediately and the body will not decay after death. \nPremature Jade Ice Silkworm Gu increases the injury level of direct damage taken by the host by 30%; \nPremature Jade Ice Silkworm Gu requires the consumption of 4 Gu charges from the host or opponent after each attack, otherwise, this Gu will die.

The body is planted with the Jade Ice Silkworm Gu. \n Once the Jade Ice Silkworm Gu invades the bloodline, the victim will die immediately and the body will not decay after death. \nPremature Jade Ice Silkworm Gu increases the injury level of direct damage taken by the host by 30%; \nWhen the total of internal injuries suffered by the host reaches 12 and above, Premature Jade Ice Silkworm Gu will turn into Mature Jade Ice Silkworm Gu at the change of month.

Mature Icy Silkworm Gu
The body is planted with the Jade Ice Silkworm Gu. \n Jade Ice Silkworm Gu is turquoise, walking like the wind, strange poison to cold, can spit ice silk, ice silk once invaded the bloodline, the hit immediately stiffened and died, the body does not decay after death. \nPremature Jade Ice Silkworm Gu increases the injury level of direct damage taken by the host by 30%.

Premature Golden Silkworm Gu
The body was planted with knowledge of the Lord's golden silkworm Gu of the wake-catcher. \n King Gu golden silkworm is the king of the Gu insects, there is like a large golden silkworm, one in ten thousand. Golden silkworm Gu poison as fierce as the fire, the person in the miserable, painful. \nThe Golden Silkworm Gu will devour all the other Gu just planted by the host, and exorcise a lot of toxins for the host according to the Gu devoured; \n the Golden Silkworm Gu needs to consume 8 Gu of the host or the opponent after each attack, otherwise this Gu will die.

The body is planted with knowledge of the Lord's golden silkworm Gu of the wake-catcher. \n king Gu golden silkworm is the king of the Gu insects, there is like a large golden silkworm, one in ten thousand. Golden silkworm Gu poison as fierce as the fire, the person in the miserable, painful. \nThe Golden Silkworm Gu will devour all the other Gu just planted by the host, and according to the devoured Gu to expel a large amount of toxins for the host; \nWhen the Golden Silkworm Gu devours other Gu, the Golden Silkworm Gu has a certain chance to turn into a Golden Silkworm Gu.

The body was planted with the golden silkworm Gu if the parasite. \n King Gu golden silkworm is the king of the parasite, there is like a golden silkworm, one in ten thousand. Golden silkworm Gu poison as fierce as the fire, the person in the miserable, painful. \nThe Golden Silkworm Gu will devour all the other Gu planted on the host and apply a lot of toxins to the host according to the Gu devoured; the Golden Silkworm Gu needs to consume 8 Gu from the host or the opponent after each attack, otherwise this Gu will die.

The body was planted with the golden silkworm Gu if the parasite. \n King Gu golden silkworm is the king of the parasite, there is like a golden silkworm, one in ten thousand. Golden silkworm Gu poison as fierce as the fire, the person in the miserable, painful. \nThe Golden Silkworm Gu will devour all the other Gu planted by the host and apply a lot of toxins to the host according to the Gu devoured; \nWhen the Golden Silkworm Gu devours other Gu, there is a certain chance that the Golden Silkworm Gu will turn into a Golden Silkworm Gu.

Mature Golden Silkworm Gu
The body was planted with the golden silkworm Gu. \n King Gu golden silkworm is the king of the parasite, such as the golden silkworm, one in ten thousand. The poison is as fierce as the fire, the victim is in pain and suffering. \nThe golden silkworm parasite will devour all the other parasites planted on the host and apply a lot of toxins to the host according to the parasites it devours.

Premature Azure Marrow Gu
The body was planted to know the Lord's green marrow Gu of if the Gu. \n Hundred-colored Green Marrow Gu is refined by ten thousand Gu, its color is nameless, its body is invisible, it can fly to the sky and disappear to the ground, like a ghost and a chimera, this Gu is extremely spiritual and can understand human speech. \nThe Green Marrow Gu will increase the power of the feats performed by the host according to the number of Gu of the host and the opponent; \nThe Green Marrow Gu needs to consume 4 Gu of the host or the opponent after each attack, otherwise this Gu will die.

The body was planted to know the Lord's green marrow Gu of if the Gu. \nThe hundred-color green marrow Gu is refined by ten thousand Gu, its color is nameless, its body is invisible, it can fly to the sky and disappear to the ground, like a ghost and a chimera, this Gu is extremely spiritual and can understand human speech. \nThe green marrow Gu will increase the power of the feats performed by the host according to the number of Gu between the host and the opponent; \nWhen the host is skin to skin with the opposite sex, the green marrow Gu will be transferred to the opponent's body to turn into green marrow into a Gu.

The body was planted with the green marrow Gu if the Gu. The \n hundred-color Green Marrow Gu is refined by ten thousand Gu, its color is nameless, its body is invisible, it can fly to the sky and disappear to the ground, like a ghost and a chimera, this Gu is extremely spiritual and can understand human speech. \nThe Green Marrow Gu will reduce the power of the feats performed by the host according to the number of Gu of the host and the opponent; \nThe Green Marrow Gu needs to consume 4 Gu of the host or the opponent after each attack, otherwise this Gu will die.

The body was planted with the green marrow Gu if the Gu. \nThe hundred-color Green Marrow Gu is refined by ten thousand Gu, its color is nameless, its body is invisible, it can fly to the sky and disappear to the ground, like a ghost and a chimera, this Gu is extremely spiritual and can understand human speech. \nThe green marrow Gu will reduce the power of the feats performed by the host according to the number of Gu between the host and the opponent; \nWhen the host is skin to skin with the opposite sex, the green marrow Gu will be transferred to the opponent's body to turn into green marrow into a Gu.

Mature Azure Marrow  Gu
The body was planted green marrow Gu. \nThe color is nameless, its body is invisible, and it can fly to the sky and disappear to the ground, like a ghost or a chimera. \nThe Green Marrow Gu will reduce the power of the feats performed by the host according to the number of Gu between the host and the opponent.

Living Dead Medicine
A miracle medicine to destroy the spirit and make the physical body not limited in longevity, until the power of the medicine is exhausted, the person taking it will not die due to the exhaustion of longevity...

Wuming's Mythic Poison
Liao Wuming of the Kongsang sect, feeling hopeless in the development of an pill of immortality, given up on his ancestor's grand ambition and turns to develop the most powerful poison in the world. As he describes it, anyone affected faces certain death, overwhelmed by near endless poison...

Acritoxin Umbritoxin


Acritoxin Pyrotoxin


Acritoxin Cryotoxin


Acritoxin Necrotoxin


Acritoxin Oneirotoxin


Umbritoxin Pyrotoxin


Umbritoxin Cryotoxin


Umbritoxin Necrotoxin


Umbritoxin Oneirotoxin


Pyrotoxin Cryotoxin


Pyrotoxin Necrotoxin


Pyrotoxin Oneirotoxin


Cryotoxin Necrotoxin


Cryotoxin Oneirotoxin


Necrotoxin Oneirotoxin


Sundered Flesh
\nWhen affected by this poison, if the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers, based on the number of these markers, <color=#brightred>massively reduce the character's Health.</color>
\nIf the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers, when <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color> are activiated, based on the number of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers, <color=#brightred>character will receive a certain number of Fatal Wounds.</color>\nThe more <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can activate in battle.
Dulled Flesh
\nWhen affected by this poison, If the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> markers, based on the number of these markers, <color=#brightred>reduce the character's Quick (Footworks) loadout slots.</color>
\nIf the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> markers, when <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color> is activated, the character's Footwork will be removed, and then, based on the number of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> markers, <color=#brightred>1 random Quick skill of the character will be sealed for a long time.</color>\nThe more <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can activate in battle.
Mangled Tendon
\nWhen affected by this poison, if the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers, based on the number of these markers, <color=#brightred>at the end of the month, the character will throw away several of their items.</color>
\nIf the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers, when <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color> are activated, based on the number of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers affecting the character <color=#brightred>they have a chance to immediately drop their weapon and switch to bare hands, and they will be unable to use their weapon for a while</color>\nThe more <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can activate in battle.
Ruptured Organs
\nWhen affected by this poison, If the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color> markers, based on the number of these markers, <color=#brightred>increase the amount of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color> the character recieves.</color>
\nIf the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color> markers, when <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color> are activated, based on the number of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers, <color=#brightred>generate extra <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, and accelerate the rate in which <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color> activates.</color>\n The more <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color> markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can activate in battle.
Blood Haze
\nWhen affected by this poison, If the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> markers, based on the number of these markers, <color=#brightred>reduce the character's Break loadout slots.</color>
\nIf the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> markers, when <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color> activates, based on the number of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> markers, <color=#brightred>randomly seal 1 Break skill of the character for a long time.</color>\nThe more <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can activate in battle. 
Rotting Organs
\nWhen affected by this poison, If the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>markers, based on the number of these markers, <color=#brightred>increase the amount of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>the character receives.</color>
\nIf the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>markers, when <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>are activated, based on number of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color>markers, <color=#brightred>generate extra <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, and accerlate the rate in which <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>activiates.</color>\n The more <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>marker there is, the more times this toxin effect can activate in each battle. 
Corrupted Blood
\nWhen affected by this poison, If the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color> markers, based on the number of these markers, <color=#brightred>at the end of the month, the character will spread some of their <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> to other character on the same tile.</color>
\nIf the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color> markers, when <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color> activates, based on number of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers, <color=#brightred>the character recieves a debuff that reduces random Resolve stats, and spreads some of their <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> to party members assisting in the battle.</color>\nThe more<SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color> markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can activate in battle. 
Burning Heart
\nWhen affected by this poison, If the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> markers, based on the number of these markers, <color=#brightred>the character will lose their mind at the end of the month and conduct several evil deeds to random characters.</color>
\nIf the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> markers, when <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color> activiates, based on the number of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> markers, <color=#brightred>the character will attack themself with their weapon a number of times.</color>\nThe more <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can activate in battle.
Bone Ulcers
\nWhen affected by this poison, If the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color> markers, based on the number of these markers, <color=#brightred>the character's appearance will be ravaged by the poison, until this poison is removed.</color>
\nIf the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color> markers, when <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color><SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color> activates, based on the number of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color> markers, <color=#brightred>reduce the character's Stamina.</color>\nThe more <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color> markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can activate in battle.
Burning Blood
\nWhen affected by this poison, if the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color> markers, based on the number of these markers, <color=#brightred>worsen all External Injuries on the character.</color>
\nIf the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color> markers, when <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color> activates, based on the number of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin markers, <color=#brightred>the character has a chance to suffer 1 random old External Injury, if no old External Injury is caused, the character gain 1 Weak Point instead</color>\nThe more <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color> markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can activate in battle.
Sundered Essence
\nWhen affected by this poison, If the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> markers, based on the number of these markers, <color=#brightred>reduce the libido and fertility of the character.</color>
\nIf the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> markers, when <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color> activates, based on the number of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> markers, <color=#brightred>the character receives a number of Glazed markers.</color>\nThe more <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can activate in battle.
Sealed Marrow
\nWhen affected by this poison, if the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers, based on the number of these markers, <color=#brightred>the character receives backlash damage from a random number of skills.</color>
\nIf the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers, when <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color> activates, based on the number of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers, <color=#brightred>the character receives backlash damage from a random number of skills.</color>\nThe more <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Locked Pulse
\nWhen affected by this poison, if the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color> markers, based on the number of these markers, <color=#brightred>character immediately receives a certain amount of Qi Disorder.</color>
\nIf the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color> markers, when <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color> activates, based on the number of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color> markers, <color=#brightred>character's Qi Disorder increases.</color>\nThe more <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color> markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Blood Clotting
\nWhen affected by this poison, if the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color> markers, based on the number of these markers, <color=#brightred>worsen all Internal Injuries on the character.</color>
\nIf the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color> markers, when <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color> activates, based on the number of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color> markers, <color=#brightred>the character has a chance to suffer 1 random old Internal Injury, if no old Internal Injury is caused, the character gain 1 Sealed Acupoint instead.</color>\nThe more <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color> markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Cold Spirit
\nWhen affected by this poison, if the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers, based on the number of these markers, <color=#brightred>reduce the character's Nadis loadout slots.</color>
\nIf the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers, when <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color> activates, based on the number of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers, <color=#brightred>1 random Nadis skill of the character will be sealed for a long time.</color>\nThe more <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Umbratoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Scared Heart
\nWhen affected by this poison, if the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color> markers, based on the number of these markers, <color=#brightred>increase the amount of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color> the character receives.</color>
\nIf the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color> markers, when <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color> activates, based on the number of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> markers, <color=#brightred> generate extra <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, and accelerate the rate at which <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color> activates.</color>\nThe more <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color> markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Bitter Suffering
\nWhen affected by this poison, if the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color> markers, based on the number of these markers, <color=#brightred>at the end of the month, the character will spread some of their <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> to other characters on the same tile.</color>
\nIf the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color> markers, when <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color> activates, based on the number of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> markers, <color=#brightred>the character recieves a debuff that reduces random Accuracy stats, and spreads some of their <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> to party members assisting in the battle.</color>\nThe more <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color> markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Poisoned Soul
\nWhen affected by this poison, if the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers, based on the number of these markers, <color=#brightred>reduce the character's Aegis loadout slots.</color>
\nIf the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers, when <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color> is activated, the character's Aegis skill will be removed, and then, based on the number of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers, <color=#brightred>1 random Aegis skill of the character will be sealed for a long time.</color>\nThe more <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_4><color=#rottenpoison>Necrotoxin</color> markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Disturbed Heart
\nWhen affected by this poison, if the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color> markers, based on the number of these markers, <color=#brightred>character immediately loses a certain amount of True Qi.</color>
\nIf the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color> markers, when <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color> activates, based on the number of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> markers, <color=#brightred> character loses a certain amount of True Qi.</color>\nThe more <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_0><color=#hotpoison>Acritoxin</color> markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Sealed Skull
\nWhen affected by this poison, if the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color> markers, based on the number of these markers, <color=#brightred>increase the amount of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color> the character receives.</color>
\nIf the character is simultaneously affected by <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color> markers, when <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color> activates, based on the number of <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color> markers, <color=#brightred> generate extra <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color>, and accelerate the rate at which <SpName=mousetip_duxing_2><color=#coldpoison>Cryotoxin</color> activates.</color>\nThe more <SpName=mousetip_duxing_1><color=#gloomypoison>Umbritoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_5><color=#illusorypoison>Oneirotoxin</color>, <SpName=mousetip_duxing_3><color=#redpoison>Pyrotoxin</color> markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
