Cattle Caravans
Famous at the Northern Borders, with quality of Jiangnan, bringing all kinds of delicacies and myriads of ingredients, I'm here to satisfy you dear guest...
For anything you need in daily life, our Cattle Caravan stores is the place to go! Our stores offer a wide range of everyday necessities and items for mounts, ensuring that everything you might need is on hand...
In times of turmoil, small peddlers gathered together to support each other, and now our group has grown to be one of the largest in scale...
Food is the God of the people. Our fellow people can't do without our Cattle Caravan stores. Our porters have been around for centuries, and by the looks of it, they'll continue to be a force for another hundred years or more...
The dishes from out Cattle Caravan stores are highly praised by everyone. They even used to be very popular at nobles' banquets...
春狩归来，大有收获！架上均是新鲜烹饪的野味，客官您且瞧一瞧，这香气保管叫您食指大动嘞！
炎炎夏日，绿意更浓。鲜嫩素菜，爽口解腻，正适合这暑气蒸腾的时节嘞……
秋气清肃，正是水产丰盛、膏肓蟹美之际！本店特备秋令鲜美佳肴，保管让您满意！
冬季鸡肥鸭美，正是煲制滋养补品的好时节，来上一碗，定能为您驱寒暖身……
咱在{0}攒了不少好东西，客官您瞧瞧，都是精选好货嘞……
A group of people, dressed simply and covered in dust.\nEven though they look like they just went through a long journey, they all appear in high spirits and not weary.\nThe mules and horses carry bags filled with bulging contents, which upon closer look seem to be cooking utensils...
"In times of chaos, the merchants are scarce in the city, but our rural porters are relatively unaffected.\nThey have been around for several centuries and have now become one of the largest groups.\n\nCustomers can purchase daily necessities such as food, wild fruits, cooking tools, and riding animals from our merchants.\nIf they're looking for rarer items, they can also visit our headquarters or a branch:\n\nOur main office is located in Guangdong·Guangzhou, where there are many waterways and frequent porter activities.\nAs the guild grew larger, we also opened a branch in the north, now situated in Shanxi·Taiyuan..."
“我已修书至服牛帮，想来过段时日便有消息， 可从此商会重新进货……”\n <color=#lightgrey>（已成功更换人物当前的从属商会，人物将在一段时间后从此商会重新进货……）</color>
WenShan Bookstore
Every book is a golden residence, and every scripture is a jade hall. What books are you searching for, because i have everything you could want...
Our Wenshan Bookstore has been in the business of selling fine art books for many years. You distinguished self can be at ease selecting books. If you manage to find a good book to appreciate the elegance of the words, it will be our honor...
As young people, we haven't seen the grandeur of scholars filling halls and flourishing literature during the prosperous Tang Dynasty. We can only hold onto our aspirations and hope to witness a revival of that past glory...
The Wenshan Bookstore was established by scholars from across the land. Despite our humble positions and soft voices, we carry the spirit of using literature to convey the truth. We aspire to contribute to the prosperity of the people...
During times of famine, poetry and books drifted away from the hearts of people. The scholars in our store scattered, and with economic constraints, only the refined tastes of elegant scholars can be indulged now...
春和景明，多引文人墨客寄情抒怀，雅集频仍，更常临我书阁寻觅古籍善本，是而本店备下书本数卷，以助诸位雅兴……
夏暑花繁若锦，百物丰盈，手艺者得以尽展才能。我书阁特精选各类手艺书籍，供阁下任意拣选……
丹枫映秋，万物丰成。我书阁特选佳本数卷，佛学道法、厨艺品鉴皆备，助阁下顺应天时，探得自然之妙……
冬季阴盛阳衰，宜藏精养神，而冬至后天象分明，亦是观星佳期。我书阁特增医相星卜典籍，以应冬日求知之需……
{0}之时，我等曾精选些许名篇佳本，专程趁集会出售，不知可有阁下所喜……
A few carriages laden with books like mountains are on the road.\nBeside them, a group of people dressed in simple clothes appear slightly weary but maintain an orderly formation.\nA gentle breeze seems to carry the scent of ink...
"The Wenshan Bookstore flourished during the prosperous Tang Dynasty but suffered in turbulent times.\nFortunately, virtuous people have gathered to compile texts, expand paintings, and collect books from all over the world...\n\nCustomers looking for fine art books can purchase them from our merchants.\nFor more valuable books, they may visit our headquarters or a branch:\n\nOur main office is located in Jingbei·Xiangyang, a place that has been fought over by military strategists since ancient times, also being a gathering place for scholars and writers.\nThe branch is situated in Bashu·Chengdu, known for its fertile land and talented people..."
“我已修书至文山书海阁，想来过段时日便有消息， 可从此商会重新进货……”\n <color=#lightgrey>（已成功更换人物当前的从属商会，人物将在一段时间后从此商会重新进货……）</color>
Penta-Lake Commerce
Distant places or 5 lakes and 4 seas, i've searched them all, there's no material in this world that i can't find... Noble customer, what are you looking for today?
Our stores specialize in products from all over the world. We have a wide variety of materials available. The items we are offering today come from far-off places, so please feel free to choose whatever you like...
The Penta-Lake Commerce was known during the prosperous Tang Dynasty but declined in turbulent times. Fortunately, with support from the wine industry, trade routes, and old friends, we have managed to gain a firm footing...
Without resource channels, it is difficult to enter the Penta-Lake Commerce. However, after joining, the higher-ups will assist in supply and demand, and the Merchant Group will only take a small cut from profit...
The things that our Penta-Lake Commerce stores sell are all aimed at satisfying our guests. Only in this way can the caravans have smooth trade routes, even reaching as far as the Western Regions...
春茶新芽，嫩绿生香；春蚕吐丝，织锦如云。客官不妨驻足片刻，细赏我五湖商会的春日佳品……
暑气升腾，金铁易工，正是铸炼佳期；炎炎夏日，品茗亦是解暑妙法。客官若有意，不妨挑选一番本店夏季佳品……
秋风送爽，河水退落，玉石渐显；更有新谷初收，酿酒飘香。本店备有精选玉石与佳酿，阁下可随心挑选……
冬三月，常伐木；天气寒凉，又宜温酒暖身，故此本店特备足量冬季佳品，以供阁下随意挑选……
我等自{0}收得不少上等佳品，专程于集会之时出售，客官若有所需，敬请随意择选……
A group of people, dressed elegantly and with warm expressions, are calmly organizing their carriages.\nThe vehicles are packed full of daily necessities, a wide variety that is neatly arranged.\nAmong them, several items appear unfamiliar and new to the eye...
"The Penta-Lake Commerce was established during the Tang Dynasty, having survived through the turmoil caused by Xiangshu relying on its wine trade and business connections.\nThe merchant teams travel across various regions, facilitating commerce across the seas, making our power second only to Master Square.\n\nIf customers need tea, wine, or other goods, the Penta-Lake Commerce stores can provide them.\nEven if a store doesn't have what they're looking for, they can visit our headquarters or a branch:\n\nOur main office is located in Jiangbei·Yangzhou, a place with three cities under one roof where music and entertainment never cease.\nPeople from all walks of life gather here to help us collect goods from across the land.\nLater on, we established a branch at Huainan·Shouchun near our headquarters..."
“我已修书至五湖商会，想来过段时日便有消息， 可从此商会重新进货……”\n <color=#lightgrey>（已成功更换人物当前的从属商会，人人物将在一段时间后从此商会重新进货……）</color>
Champion Shop
While traveling Jianghu, it's easy to be attack. Why not bring a weapon with you, after all, preparedness averts peril...
The "Champion" in our name is a testament to quality! How can a martial artist be without a proper weapon? We offer a wide selection of weapons and armor for you to choose from...
Champion Shop was born out of the sect, a new force among the seven major merchant groups. Our group warmly welcomes all those who are not bound by their original affiliations, including virtuous individuals from various factions and bandits who have turned to the right path...
Champion Shop widely recruits renowned artisans, showcasing their blacksmithing skills. By forging alliances with sects for supply and demand, we solidify our foundation and gain widespread recognition...
When Champion Shop first formed, we were often tasked with gathering information and clearing battlefields. Through this process, we collected and restored weapons, gradually understanding their importance...
二月春回，武者宜舒展筋骨，而对刺与掌套轻巧，正是春练首选。本店特此增备，客官且多看看，可有您称手兵器……
短兵交锋，长兵策应。天气燥热，切磋难免愈发频繁，我等便在夏季多备了些短杵和长兵，阁下您且随意挑选！
“凉风至，白露降，寒蝉鸣，鹰乃祭鸟，用始行戮。”本店由此增备暗器与长鞭，正合这秋日肃杀之气……
冬日严寒，武者常舞刀弄剑以驱寒暖身。本店冬日特多备锋刀利刃，客官不妨看看……
我等自{0}收得不少刀兵利器，特于集会陈列展示。阁下何不挑件称手的兵器傍身……
Shafts of the carriages are adorned with blades, spears, swords, and halberds, their cold blades reflecting the sun.\nThe groups of people are talking and laughing, their voices loud and clear...
"The Champion Shop's business is founded on the principles of sects.\nWe gather famous craftsmen from all over the world, pursuing blacksmithing, making us a rising star among the seven major merchant groups.\n\nWe sell all kinds of weapons and armor made of gold and jade in our stores.\nIf the customer requires rarer weaponry, they should feel free to visit our headquarters or a branch:\n\nOur Champion Shop recruited talents and established our headquarters in Fujian·Fuzhou, a place with a large population and prosperity.\nLater, we established a branch in Jingji·Capital, where merchants came in droves and wealth is abundant..."
“我已修书至大武魁商号，想来过段时日便有消息， 可从此商会重新进货……”\n <color=#lightgrey>（已成功更换人物当前的从属商会，人人物将在一段时间后从此商会重新进货……）</color>
Rejuvenation Hall
Spirit and flesh, internal and external injuries and illnesses, miracle medicine, there's nothing i can't cure...
We have all kinds of miraculous medicines and poisons here, reflecting the essence of Rejuvenation Hall. If you need any medicinal ingredients or poison-making supplies, feel free to search for them in our store...
When Xiangshu's disaster began, former hermit doctors, moved by the suffering of humanity, came out of seclusion to practice medicine and save lives...
The doctors have been working tirelessly for years, finally establishing themselves in the form of a merchant group to widely benefit humanity. Regardless of how the world changes, the spirit of compassion at Rejuvenation Hall remains unchanged, and the prices of medicines are not easily altered...
As doctors, we follow the teachings of Sun Simiao to calm our minds and spirits. We carry a great sense of compassion and empathy for those in distress. When faced with people suffering from illness or hardship seeking help, we will do everything possible to assist them...
春寒料峭，风寒易侵，人多气滞不畅而行动迟缓，本店特增春季适宜药材与丹药，以应时令之变……
夏暑炎炎，毒虫肆虐，本店特备清凉解毒药品与验毒银针，以护阁下夏日康健……
秋收之际，农忙正盛。本店特增益补丹药与药材，以应百姓秋季所需……
冬三月，谓之闭藏，顺应冬气，乃养藏之要。本店特备各类治疗药品，是为冬季调养生息……

A convoy of carriages laden with medicinal herbs is in sight, the aroma of medicine permeating the air like being surrounded by a herb garden.\nThe clatter of pots occasionally makes a tinkling sound as the horses' bells gradually fall silent.\nThere are whispers among them, their actions refined and gentle, embodying a breeze and drizzle...
"Rejuvenation Hall is a coalition formed by wandering doctors from all over the world.\nGathered physicians provide aid to the world, with Sun Simiao as a model of the past, alleviating suffering for all living beings.\n\nIf customer needs medicines, poisons, or medicine and poison related tools, they can purchase them in our stores.\nShould our stores not have what they seek, they may visit our headquarters or a branch:\n\nOur main office is located in Guangnan·Guizhou, near the Hundred Flowers Valley, where physicians gather.\nWe later opened another branch in the major northern city, Liaodong·Liaoyang..."
“我已修书至回春堂，想来过段时日便有消息， 可从此商会重新进货……”\n <color=#lightgrey>（已成功更换人物当前的从属商会，人物将在一段时间后从此商会重新进货……）</color>
Master Square
With road so long, and water so scarce, having no mount will leave your heart anxious... If you wish to travel a thousand li, how can you not visit us...
The Master Square is passed down from the Master Lu Ban, proficient in the art of construction. If you need items for manufacturing or building, you can trust our store to provide them...
By utilizing the "Core Material" technique of our Master Square, it can assist you in expanding your territory. Moreover, there are newly developed secret techniques that will enable you to calmly face a tumultuous world...
The Master Square was founded by our ancestor Lu Ban. We have experienced ups and downs, and once even had to hide in the mountains. However, after the disaster of Xiangshu, we came back to the world and devoted ourselves to the construction to help people rebuild their homes...
The Master Square uses secret techniques to benefit the people and is respected by the public. However, we are merely merchants. It's the martial artists and craftsmen who deserve admiration...
春光明媚，正是怡情养性、赏花观虫之时。本店特备多种心材，以助阁下于春季构筑建造，敬请随意挑选……
夏阳炽热，金铁柔而易工，林木茂而待用，正是制木冶铁之良机。若阁下欲趁此盛夏精进制造，本季特备心材定可满足您之所需……
秋收时节，万物丰登，正合自然之律。此时精研厨艺，或顺应自然探心求道，皆有望大成。本季特备各类相关心材，阁下还请随意挑选……
冬者，万物蛰伏，生机潜藏。本店特备各类相关心材，以顺时令，阁下若有所需，或可寻得合适之选……
制造建构，皆需我公输坊妙法。我等自{0}多备的心材皆陈列于此，阁下且随意查看挑选合用之物……
Several wooden carts are loaded with various objects of different shapes.\nBags on the side contain numerous scrolls, and half-unrolled scrolls protrude from them, suggesting architectural blueprints.\nThe group is organizing while chatting casually, occasionally accompanied by hearty laughter...
"The Master Square was established by the Master Lu Ban during the Warring States period, and has been passed down to this day.\nAt the dawn of turmoil, we used mechanical techniques to build relay stations and connect the entire world, thus receiving respect from the public...\n\nIf customer needs "Core Materials" for expanding their territory, or require wooden transportation tools or forging equipment, they can purchase them in our stores.\nShould they seek rarer items, they should feel free to visit our headquarters or a branch:\n\nOur main office is located in Shandong·Qingzhou, one of the ancient Nine Provinces,\nWe also have a branch in the south where numerous tribal clans thrive, in Yunnan·Dali..."
“我已修书至公输坊，想来过段时日便有消息， 可从此商会重新进货……”\n <color=#lightgrey>（已成功更换人物当前的从属商会，人物将在一段时间后从此商会重新进货……）</color>
House of Odd
As the saying goes, "Seeing for oneself is a hundred times better than hearing from others". Worldly treasures are difficult to gather. Passerby, don't miss this opportunity...
All sorts of rare jewelry and treasures can be found at the House of Odd. You can admire and play with them as you wish...
The House of Odd was only established after the Xiangshu's disaster. It boasts more than a dozen of treasure houses, each containing treasures from all around the world...
The House of Odd enforces strict rules, and has a clear hierarchy. Those at lower levels must present valuable treasures to have any chance of advancement...
The House of Odd originally only dealt with the influential nobles. Following the Xiangshu's disaster, as the imperial regime weakened and the nobility dispersed, they were forced to cultivate relationships with sects...
新春伊始，万象更新，何不添置新衣以迎新岁？本店还特备织物掌套，款式繁多，阁下不妨看看可有称心之选……
炎炎暑气，更宜修身养性以清心。本店特备了足量拂尘与竹木宝物，阁下还请随心挑选……
若玉石盈仓，织物丰产，便知秋意正浓。本季精选织物长鞭和玉饰珍玩，以应秋时之需，阁下若有雅兴不妨细赏择选……
寒冬腊月，人心易感萧索，此时宜以歌咏志，以武修身。本店特备萧笛和瑶琴，阁下不妨随意观赏择选……
我等自{0}多备的珍宝皆陈列于此，阁下可随意观赏，挑选把玩……
A group of people are dressed in luxurious clothing, exuding extraordinary presence, with their eyes telling that have no respect for the lowly.\nA convoy of carriages and horses, though slightly soiled from long journeys, still shines brightly.\nThe carriages are loaded with numerous treasure chests, suggesting an abundance of riches...
"The House of Odd emerged after the Xiangshu's disaster.\nThanks to the support from officials of various regions, we have collected treasures and unique items from all over the world.\n\nIf customer needs precious artifacts or objects, our stores can provide them for them.\nShould they seek even more extraordinary items, they should feel free to visit our headquarters or a branch:\n\nOur main office is located in Jingnan·Jiangling, a former imperial capital with many scholars gathered there.\nWe also have a branch in the Eastern Wu city, Jiangnan·Hangzhou..."
“我已修书至奇货斋，想来过段时日便有消息， 可从此商会重新进货……”\n <color=#lightgrey>（已成功更换人物当前的从属商会，人物将在一段时间后从此商会重新进货……）</color>
