Blood Essence
The scarlet red is bright and intense, thick and cloudy. It is as if the red blood of the heart is condensed, and when it enters the throat, sweet, sour, bitter, spicy and salty all float on the tip of the tongue, it is difficult to describe its taste. There is a subtle fragrance, you can feel the spirit of the exquisite Qi gathered in it.
The scarlet red is bright and intense, condensed like sweet fat. As if the heart mouth red blood gas condensation, into the throat and tongue like a taste of a hundred flavors, only feel the desire to talk, hard to say what they feel. The abdomen can feel the spirit of the subtle Qi gradually born.
It is scarlet and intense, and smooth. As if the heart's red blood into gas condensation, the entrance to see the fog is not fog, see flowers is not flowers, there is no emotion, it is difficult to distinguish the reality, full of sorrow and suffering, and finally turned into a spiritual and wonderful gas in the Dantian.
Scarlet and bright, floating like inflammation. As if the heart of the red blood into the gas condensation, burning into the throat, it is difficult to taste its taste. But I feel full of dryness and depression, anger and attack the heart, the heart of anxious fire, fire into a hundred gas and through the whole body, and only feel comfortable.
Scarlet and bright, like a candle weeping tears. As if the heart of the red blood into gas condensation, a drop in the mouth, as sweet as a beauty tears. There seems to be a sweet dream in front of my eyes, intoxicating. When you wake up, you realize that the laughter and anger are all illusions, and that your body and mind are light, and that you are lucky.
The scarlet red is bright and intense, glowing red transparent. As if the heart of the red blood condensed from the gas, its taste is fragrant, look at it can not bear to swallow into the throat. After taking it, I felt even more thirsty, and my craving grew but I didn't know what I was seeking. Sinking into the Dantian, a few moments later to regain clarity.
Scarlet and bright, gentle and round. As if the heart's red blood into gas condensation, the shape of the sunset sun, the sun can be dissolved. When it dissolves between the throat and tongue, the sourness and bitterness is indescribable, and the pain of separating the lips and teeth is felt.
The scarlet red is bright and intense, demonic and beautiful. As if the heart's red blood into gas condensation, draped around the ring Xuan, back and forth flow. The mouth is instantly turned into invisible, salty and spicy, and I feel the pain of resentment and hatred.
The scarlet color is bright and intense, and the jade color is flowing. It is like the condensation of the red blood of the heart, which flows from birth to death, without any dwelling phase. Tasting it is like getting a glimpse of all the forms of life, invisible but also tangible, sweet, sour, bitter, spicy and salty all in a moment. After the heart has a feeling of concern, I feel that the spiritual energy is dense in the dantian.
Insect Net
Exquisite small net made for catching crickets. 
OilGourd
Common songbird. Large in size, shiny like oil, likes to eat oil, hence the name "oil gourd".
Katydids
Common songbirds. Sturdy body, long legs and short wings, saddle-like back, and a pleasant sound. There are many people who enjoy it in various places.
Grasshopper
The body color is green or yellow, the head is pointed like a hat, and the tentacles are extremely short. It is a pest in the field.
Locust
Common songbirds. The body is turquoise and the wings are small and transparent, like a woman's sarong, so it is called "sister".
GoldenLute
Common songbirds. The sound is like a bell, and the body is black and golden, also called "golden bell child". This insect has a full body shape, just like a lute.
BambooSandfly
Common songbirds. Resembling a lute and a bamboo leaf, it lives mostly on trees and has wings like transparent emerald gauze.
Sandfly
Common songbirds. The waist is small and delicate, and the beard is long and leggy, so it is lovely. The sound of the song varies according to the season.
PearSandfly
Common songbirds. The body shape is very similar to a date palm, and the body color is grass green with yellow. Both wings are strong and powerful, good at flying.
FlowerSandfly
Common songbird. It has extremely long beards and yellow and black spots on its legs and feet, also known as "lacewing".
DarkSandfly
A common songbird. It is also known as "black peony" because of its small size and shiny black body.
Donkey Katydid
Common songbirds. It can make a "squeak, squeak, squeak" sound and is also called "squeak". Resembles a caddisfly.
GreatSandfly
Common songbirds. Pure yellow all over with dark stripes or round spots on the body. The song is pleasantly melodious and clear.
GrassSandfly
Common songbirds. Although extremely small in size, it has two extremely long wings and transparent wings, and lives mostly in the grass.
StoveCricket
Common songbirds. It is the "Zaoma cricket" with long beard and long legs, just like a spider. The song is soft and delicate.
MirrorDraw
Common songbirds. Black body, only the forewings with a piece of oil yellow, good song and fight.
ThreeTails
The female cricket with three tails at the end of her body, is a female cricket. The three tails are the key to the promotion, of crickets and fighting.
GoldenSandfly
Common songbirds. The whole body is shiny like gold, and the body is very small. The sound of its song is like a golden bell, so it is called "golden lacewing".
LadyWeaving
Common songbirds. Large, long and thin legs and feet, can make a loud sound with the forelimbs rubbing, so the name "weaver".
Stork
At Western Turkic Khaganate, Stork is also call “pregnancy bird”, it is said that whenever it lands on the roof, the owners will soon give birth to a new baby. 
White Pigeon
White Pigeon is not only meek but also brave, it will only have 1 spouse for its whole life, it is the symbol of love in Myanmar, girls often metaphorize the boy they love as white pigeon. 
Feather of Horned Howlet
Plunder is the nature of Hornd Howlet, its eye sights while diving to hunt, scares all beings in the Great Grassland. Warriors of Khazars often bring Horned Howlet down from the sky, to show their braveness, and then give the purest white feather to the girl they love. 
Minerva Owl
In the Greek Mythology, Minerva Owl is the Holy Bird of Athena, it never enters the sky during the sunlight, only quietly take off at the dusk, protecting the sleeping city during the night. 
Feather of Ra
The Bird of The Sun is the soul of Ra, leading the way to the underworld, rumor says whoever obtains its feather, will live as long as the gods. 
Camel Bell
In the desert, whenever you see a Camel Caravan, you will hear the Camel Bell, it tells the owner the camel at the end of the queue is not lost, and the whole caravan is intact. 
Modu’s Whistle Arrow
Modu Chanyu has led the Huns and conquered a large territory in the west, his whistle arrows have followed his steps and buried in the sand. 
Iron pillar of Delhi
In India mythology, Iron pillar of Delhi is awarded to King Ashoka by the Gods, for his braveness, it is an artifact with tremendous power. 
Forgotten blade of Tang
The Tang general Gao Xianzhi went on an expodition to the west, and has been crashed by the Arabic army, the dead boby and weaponry were left behind. 
Golden Armor
Khazars warriors excel at riding, worship gold, no one can stop their iron hoof, they fight all their life, die on the horseback, buried within armor, decorated with gold, rest with honor. 
Vestal Virgin Statue
Chosen by High Priest while young, and become the priestesses of Vesta, in the 30 years of service, they need to maintain their virginity to protect the Holy of Fire of Roman Empire from extinguishing. 
Persian Immortals
Rumor says Persian Immortals are the warriors from the underworld, fighting for the Achaemenid Empire, wherever they arrive, blood merge into a river, they are neither living or dead, even if their body are destroyed, their soul will reborn in the statues. 
Statue of Arabic Emporer
King Harat had made a promise to the merchants and travelers on the Silk Road: Listen to me, all merchants and travelers who travel through my land, I promise you under the watchful eye of the true God that I will keep you safe and you can come here to do business in peace.
Spiritual Doll
At Khwarazm, when someone dies, a Spiritual Doll of the same appearance will be made, to preserve corpse, the locals believe this will allow the soul to live forever. 
Venus de Milo
This statue has been buried under the sand at Mahalat, even though the arms are missing, people still could not take their eyes off from the beautiful figure. It is not known whether the missing arm, is the intention of artisan, or the destruction of the war. 
Red Wine
Civilians of Alexandria believe red wine is the sweat of Ra, the gift from the god, it has the power to connect reincarnations, can bring the Pharaoh back to life. 
Luminous cup
The luminous cup is the secret treasure of the Kingdom of Greater Yuezhi. Rumor says drinking with this cup, will grant 4 blessings：healthy、toughness、inspiration、noblity. 
Dragon Paste Wine
City State of Alexandria has tributed 8 jug of Dragon Paste Wine to Emperor Xianzong of Tang, saying this is made out of local crocodile, can relief pressure and extend lifespan, Xianzong tasted and really liked it, treated it as a rare treasure, only used to treat very special guests. 
Jade Wine
Jade Wine is a type of strong alcohol from the Roman Empire, an ordinary person will get drunk with only 1 cup, but it is the favourite drink by merchants on the silk road, saying：being drunk for 3 days, you will dream about homeland. 
Beast Head Agate Cup
The king of Kashmir has found 2 Agate Cup, the stone pattern are exactly the same, although the king wants to make connections with China, he also loves rare treasure, so he secretly added 1 into his collection, and tributed the other one to Emperor Yang of Sui. 
Seed of Shorea Robusta
At Myanmar, girls decorate with the flower Shorea Robusta, 801AD, the beautiful smell of Shorea Robusta followed the dancer, entered the capital Chang’An. 
Laurel wreath
The Laurel tree has been blessed by Apollo to eternity, stays green all seasons, people treat it as relic, whenever someone wins a competivion, it is awarded for the honor. 
Reed flute
Cheraluddin Rumi once wrote in a poem: "Reed flute, the melody you play soothes my heart and conveys the mysteries of the universe, the comfort the reed flute gives me is like the kiss of my beloved, the twirling dance of the trophy monk makes me one with my beloved.
Sopalizo Velvet
The unique light and shade of Sopalizo velvet, and the subtle touch that can only be felt by touching it with your heart, became the darling of the merchants along the Silk Road, leaving countless wealthy and noble people spellbound.
Textile of the flame
Every time it is put in fire, it becomes as white as new. It is rumoured that a ?Hunnic Khan has given a piece of such cloth to the Roman Emperor, used the wrap the holy corpse of Jesus. 
Buddha Teeth
After Gautama Buddha has been cremated, 4 teeth are left, one has been consecrated by ?akra, another consecrated by Dragon Lord of The Sea, the remaining two are left on earth, one of them has been found by Persian. 
Fire Seed of Zoroastrianism
The followers have protected the flame for hundreds of years, the flame never fades in the temple of Yazd, just like their beliefs, ever lasting. 
Bodhi Statue
The body of the Ascetic Bodhi Statue is thin, you can see the blood veins, to represent the 6 years of hard work of Gautama before he become a Buddha, it also represents the faith and respect of the Gandhara civilians. 
Archbishop’s crown
Echmiatsin Cathedral is located in Armenia, torn by the age and war, it awaits the return of its followers, the crown and robe of the archbishops have been covered in dust, though it always believes someone will come one day to restore its glory. 
Buddha ashes
After Gautama Buddha has been cremated, his remnant has been treated as relics, worshiped by many, even the ashes has been taken by powerful kings, taken back to each of their country, worshiped in pagoda. 
Gem Deposit
Gem stones are colourful、the shapes are like stars, it is a symbol of elegant, loved by the nobles and the wealthy, they are willing to pay great price for it. 
Inches wide Pearl
According to the Tang "wide different records": there was a Persian beard to return to the country by water, met the god of the sea came to ask for treasure, but the boatman saw no treasure on board, they want to drown the beard to thank the god of the sea, the beard was shocked, and quickly cut open the armpit to take out the diameter of the inch beads, the god of the sea really hold the beads and go, the sea was suddenly calm.
Khotan Jade
There is a special type of jade at Kun Mountains, called Tian Jade. The jade is pure and clear, often used for festivals and religious reasons, before Tang, Tian jade only comes in China as the tribute to the Emperor, later because of the silk road, civilians now have access to it. 
Sun Flint Pearl
Rumour says the king of South Yue, Zhao Tuo （240AD - 137AD） have sent special agent to steal Arabic royal treasure, a thousand year later, a great prophet looks at the stars and predict the royal treasure is about to return, the Arabic Emporer hence send agent to China to search, soon, the agent bought a Sun Flint Pearl from a Tang Minister Cui Wei, then returned home. 
Diamond
Rumours says the high priest Aaron’s badge and the founding stone of New Jerusalem has great power due to the decoration of diamonds, under the protection of this great power, the person can gain strength、braveness、political power、and eternal life. 
Corona belt
In ancient times at Sassanid Empire, royal families and nobles like to wear Corona belt, decoration decorated by gold and silver, one single belt belt from a high noble, could worth equivalent to all the living cost of an ordinary civilian over 3 years. 
Sassanid Silver Cup
On the thin body of Sassanid Silver Cup, the artist told a story about how a war began, in the beautiful body of the cup, it is full of the wish for peach from the artist. 
Imperial Silk
The poet Nizami once wrote: with great Qin silk, Chinese silk, Egyptian silk, weave a royal dress, with magnificent silk threads, weave a fine and dazzling, brilliant and glorious bright.
Goldfish Amulet
The Goldfish Amulet is made of expensive Gold leaves, and then inserted with sapphire, it is often found in coffin, to protect the soul unharmed on the road to the heaven. 
Zenobia Crown
The Queen Zenobia has been taken prisoner, tied up with golden chains as the war booty and shown to the romans, she raises her head, the crown is shining：as long as the shine on my crown does not fade, my kingdom will not end. 
Dunhuang Star Map
Long ago a fortune teller came to Mogao Caves, and saw the fate of Tang a hundred years later, he drawn a star map as the warning, but before he could hand the star map to the Emporer, he suddenly died in Dunhuang, and the star map disappeared. 
Leather Bible
Before paper making methods were past to the Arabic Empire, they needed to record with sheep leathers, and to copy a bible, it takes 300 piece of such leather, the bible was very value for the locals. 
Manusmriti
Rumour says 《Manusmriti》is wrote by the son of god Manu, it covers a lot of topics, but there is only one core, to protect the value of Caste, this book greatly influenced India for thousands of years to come. 
Homeric Hymns
After the fall of Troy, bards have wrote peoms about the heroes in the war, to spread the story wide cross the world, a hundred years later, someone recorded the story with writing, known as the《Homeric Hymns》. 
Dead Sea Scrolls
An ancient was has burnt the great temple of Jerusalem, a fathful priest hided the valuable books into a cave, to protect them from being damaged or lost, but in the end, he did not had the chance to retrieve them himself. 
Long Rope
The long rope made of linen, although it can be reinforced with knots, but the material is crude and unbearable to pull.
Bull Rope
Solid and firm, able to tie the strong plow oxen rope, more than a finger wide, rough texture.
Pentachrome Rope
The long rope made of mixed multi-colored silk threads is strong and durable, shining brightly, and is said to have the ability to ward off evil spirits.
Tenacious Rope
The rope made of the above good silk thread, flexible, indomitable, slightly similar to the texture of shark leather, quite elastic.
Rainbow Rope
It is more colorful than gold and stone, named after the color of vermilion haze, and can unload the force of sword and axe.
Twisted Rope
The long rope made of a thousand strands of silk thread, strong and secure, even with the force of nine oxen and two tigers can not be pulled off.
Cloud Trapping
Interlocking nodes, countless, strong texture, very flexible, can bind the wind and clouds, binding the invisible things.
Endless Rope
Long and long, no beginning and no end, this rope even by the knife and fire, but also can be self-knotted, can be described as magical.
Tie The Immortal up
Seemingly soft and light, in fact, water and fire, the more you pull, the tougher its quality, it is said to be able to imprison immortals and bind the gods, extraordinary things.
CJ·Stone
The jar is made from the stones of the mountains, and although it has a natural wilderness, its roughness is unappealing.
CJ·Porcelain
The porcelain promotion jar fired in the kiln, often painted with a brush painting surface, smooth and elegant, not easy to crack.
CJ·Amethyst
Artisans to a special purple clay molded into the purple sand pottery to promote the woven jar, pure and ancient thick, and can be appreciated, traditionally for the literati and elegant people good.
CJ·Milky
The jars are made by famous craftsmen, and their shape, bottom and basin are all based on the local weaving habits, with unique material selection, fine and dry texture, and little known to the public.
CJ·Sapphire
Because the promotion of weaving like to hide in the old tile between the old brick, it will be made of green brick and stone to promote weaving jar, placed in the well soaked for three years, to be moss without cracking, boiled before use, ten jars may only be a jar into.
CJ·DarkJade
The color of the jar made of ink jade is black, with a faint flow of light, very noble and beautiful, and the texture is delicate and warm, which is conducive to the promotion of quiet weaving.
CJ·Opal
The jade powder is mixed with kiln clay and the surface is decorated with gold shavings, making the jar not only gorgeous but also a place for insects.
CJ·Emerald
In the old days, the royal family made the artisans show their skills, the green clay of the sea cast into this dragon-shaped promotional jar, with the ability to absorb the poison, and more to nourish the dragon gas in which the promotion of weaving, very wonderful.
CJ·Amber
Take the river mud clarification and washing, after filtering water for many years, and then after a hundred processes, the can is as firm as iron and stone, texture like skin, and contains a hundred colors. After a hundred years of use, the cavity has been used to capture the nature of the Great Way, and the insects have been raised with the breath of heaven and earth.
Silver Needle
A long needle made out of pure silver, can be used to identify whether an item is poisoned or not. The user must be well-versed in Toxicology to use them, otherwise they might overlook the poison.
Fine steel cable clasp
The clasps made of steel are integrated into the ring, so they do not rust easily and are difficult to destroy.\nIt can be used as the core material to build the "Steel Cableway" that will gather Ore and soft Ore materials from the "Lava Pond".
Black Dynamite
The black color of the small particles, "one sulfur, two nitrate, three charcoal" ratio, when encountered with fire will burst, the potential can open mountains.\nIt can be used as the core material to build the "Blasting Pile" that will gather Ore and gather Ore materials from the "Meteor Crater".
Centennial Cedar Heart
The heart of the cedar tree, which takes a hundred years to grow, is weatherproof, resistant to insects, and has a pleasant fragrance.\nIt can be used as the core material to build the "Cedar-Heart Wall" that will gather Wood and hard Wood materials from the "Primeval Jungle".
Vajra Wheel
A strong and durable pulley with ring-like depressions on both sides, which can be used to tie ropes and suspend heavy objects.\nIt can be used as the core material to build the "Swinging Suspension" that will gather Wood and soft Wood materials from the "Taishi Forest".
Jade Ceramic Pipe
The jade-like texture of the clay pipe can remove dirt and turbidity from the water.\nIt can be used as the core material to build the "Water Canal" that will gather Herbs and medical Herb materials from the "Everspring Ravine".
Snake Feeding Cage
The large cage is built according to the snake's habits, with a mechanism to catch poisonous snakes and a barrier to prevent them from hurting people.\nIt can be used as the core material to build the "Feeding Cage" that will gather Herbs and poisonous Herb materials from the "Snake Pit".
Silver Line White Canopy
It is a white fabric with a smooth, grease-soaked surface, named after the silvery glow that often appears when light shines on it.\nIt can be used as the core material to build the "Cloud Canopy" that will gather Fabric and plant Fabric materials from the "Fragrance Land".
Feng Shui Stone
The strange stones that can improve Feng Shui are naturally different and have their own spiritual energy.\nIt can be used as the core material to build the "Feng Shui Residence" that will gather Fabric and animal Fabric materials from the "Dragon Vein".
Zhenyuan Pixiu Beast
It resembles a lion or tiger, and is a statue of a divine beast that can ward off evil spirits and guard spiritual veins.\nIt can be used as the core material to build the "Hidden Mausoleum" that will gather Jade and stone Jade materials from the "Ley Line".
Black Stone Saw
It is made of black colored crystals with sharp teeth for easy cutting.\nIt can be used as the core material to build the "Divine Statues" that will gather Jade and jadeite Jade materials from the "Eternal Ice".
Noise Blocking Stone
The stone slabs with uneven surfaces and porous interiors can be used to create meditation rooms.\nIt can be used as the core material to build the "Isolated Tower" that will increase the cell connection chance during breakthroughs in "Inner Art" techniques. This effect works on all tiles that are under the influence of this town/sect.
Qilin Chisel
The tool is as hard and branching as a unicorn's horn, and can penetrate firmly into wood and stone under hammering.\nIt can be used as the core material to build the "Cloud Stairs" that will increase the cell connection chance during breakthroughs in "Footwork" techniques. This effect works on all tiles that are under the influence of this town/sect.
Wind Holes Machine
The sophisticated and ingenious mechanism is capable of discharging dampness and turbidity from the ground driven by the wind.\nIt can be used as the core material to build the "Secret Room" that will increase the cell connection chance during breakthroughs in "Stunt" techniques. This effect works on all tiles that are under the influence of this town/sect.
Tiger Rearing Cage
It is made of fine gold and has a temporary cage on the side opposite to the main cage door to prevent animals from breaking out of the cage when the fighter enters.\nIt can be used as the core material to build the "Tiger Ring" that will increase the cell connection chance during breakthroughs in "Fist" techniques. This effect works on all tiles that are under the influence of this town/sect.
Eternal Cocoon
The cocoons that have been removed from the pupae and cleaned, air-dried and soaked in medicinal juice can be preserved for decades.\nIt can be used as the core material to build the "Cocoon Wall" that will increase the cell connection chance during breakthroughs in "Finger" techniques. This effect works on all tiles that are under the influence of this town/sect.
Dragon Bone Golden Hook
The long pillar with tough texture and shaped like a keel is curved like a dome and has golden hooks on it, which can hang a rope net and load a huge weight.\nIt can be used as the core material to build the "Web Roof" that will increase the cell connection chance during breakthroughs in "Kick" techniques. This effect works on all tiles that are under the influence of this town/sect.
Light Blocking Wall
The stone wall can block light and absorb light, the surface is pure black, without a trace of light. \nIt can be used as the core material to build a "Sparrow Room", which is dark and without light, and can only hear the wind and distinguish the location. It can increase the success rate of characters within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong when they break through the "Hidden Weapons".
Burial Stone
It is said that the jade stone, which is as warm and shiny as a mirror, can appease the spirits in the sword. \With this stone as the heart material, ten thousand swords can be buried to build the "Sword Mound". This is an expansion building built next to the "training room", which can increase the success rate of the characters within the influence of the town and sect they belong to when they break through the "sword technique".
Blade Calming Stone
It is said that the stone tablet with the symbols carved on it and the head of the tablet like a tiger can suppress the evil energy of the sword. \With this as the core material, you can build the "Shura Field" where a hundred soldiers will gather. This is an expansion building built next to the "training room", which can increase the success rate of the characters within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong when they break through the "sword technique".
Broken Iron Pony
A team of iron-armored wooden horses with a mechanism in the belly is heavy but flexible, and when the mechanism is running, it looks like a war horse running. \With this as the core material, you can build the "Iron Pony Formation" made of iron-armored war horses. This is an expansion building built next to the "training room", which can increase the success rate of characters within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong when they break through the "Long Soldier".
Array Eye Stone
It is a special stone that can sense the spiritual energy of heaven and earth and can be used to set up formations. \With this as the core material, you can build the "Eight Formations". This is an expansion structure built next to the "Practice Room", which can increase the success rate of characters within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong when they break through the "Strange Gate".
100-twists Soft Rope
The long, soft, dense, hard-to-break cords can be made to tremble and rotate with the slightest touch. \Using this as the core material, you can build the "Thousand Silk Lane", which is like a net of heaven and earth. This is an expansion structure built next to the "training room", which can increase the success rate of the characters within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong when breaking through the "soft soldiers".
Light Chasing Pearl
When placed under the light, several pillars of light can be seen emanating from it. \When placed under the light, several pillars of light can be seen emanating from it. Using this as the core material, the "Cave of the Pursuit of Shadows" can be built for the practice of imperial archery. This is an expansion building built next to the "Practice Room", which can increase the success rate of the characters within the influence of the town and sect to which they belong when they break through the "Royal Archery".
Seven Color Heartstrings
The seven colors of the strings symbolize the seven emotions of human beings, and they resonate with the changes of the player's emotions and internal energy. \With this as the core material, you can build the "Seven Strings Building" for practicing musical instruments. This is an expansion building built next to the "practice room", which can increase the success rate of the characters within the influence of the town and sect to which they belong when they break through the "musical instrument".
Nine Trials of Talent
Nine organs for refining the will can be set on top of dangerous peaks to test the will of the testers. \n This is the heart material to build the cliff "Refining God Peak". This is an expansion building built next to the "training room" and must be adjacent to the "lonely peak" to discover talents with excellent qualifications in gongfu.
Cold Jade Terrace
The jade platform that emits coldness can help people to concentrate and overcome their demons. \This is an expansion building built next to the "training room" and adjacent to the "Eternal Ice", which can increase the upper limit of the talent of people within the influence of the town or sect they belong to when they break through various "techniques".
Knowledge Music Echo Desk
It is a stone platform that can produce echoes and amplify flaws so that the player's mistakes are not hidden. \With this as the core material, we can build a music academy, the "Pavilion of Knowledge". This is an extension of the building next to the "piano house" to discover talented people who have excellent qualifications in the field of "music".
Chaosin Stone
It is a strange stone with suction power that can cause fluctuations in the water surface, making it ebb and flow like the tide of the sea. \With this stone as the heart material, you can build the "House of Emotion". This is an extension building built next to the "Music House", which is adjacent to the "Water", and can increase the chance of people within the influence of the town or sect they belong to to to have a "light" when studying "Music" books.
Worldly Immortal Root
It is said that it is extracted from an immortal garden, and when planted, it can produce exotic flowers and plants, emitting spiritual energy and giving a new look to the surrounding environment. \With this material, we can build a "fairyland" that is like a world away from fire and smoke. This is an expansion building built next to the "qin house" and adjacent to the "Changchun stream", which can increase the "musical" attainment of people within the influence of the town or sect to which it belongs.
Colorful sycamore frame
It is made of wutong wood with seven colors, and there are spiritual fruits and water from sweet spring beside the frame for the phoenix to roost. \With this as the core material, you can build the "Phoenix Terrace" surrounded by green trees and the scent of birds and flowers. This is an expansion building built next to the "qin house", which can significantly reduce the internal disturbance of people within the influence of the town and sect to which it belongs at the end of each month.
Gentleman's stone plate
The stone board has the power of attraction, and cannot be easily changed after a move is made, so it is called "gentleman's stone board". \This is an expansion building next to the "Yixuan", which can be used to discover talents with excellent qualifications in "chess".
Gemstone Pieces
It is made of rare gemstones, which are so luminous and exquisite that visitors from all over the world are amazed by its appearance. \With this as the core material, you can build a seven-story pavilion called "Liuli Pavilion". It is an expansion building built next to the "Game Hall", which is adjacent to the "Gems", and can increase the chance of people within the influence of the town and sect to read the "Game" books.
Empty Mirror
A mirror that can reflect the heart, and only those with strong will can keep their mind as one. \This is the material that can be used to build the "mirror platform" for practicing chess. It is an expansion building built next to "Yixuan" and adjacent to "Eternal Ice", which can increase the "chess" attainment of people within the influence of the town or sect to which you belong.
Strategy derivation
A small box with mountains, rivers, stars, etc. can be used to deduce strategies by toggling the mechanism in it to determine success or failure. \This is an expansion building built next to "Yixuan", which can increase the maximum number of Taiwu's fellow trainees.
Famous Inscriptions
The famous writings, which have been carefully proofread, are transcribed by the hand of the world's great writers and engraved on stone monuments. \With this as the core material, we can build a "school" to teach and educate people. This is an extension building built next to the "Study House" to discover talented people with excellent qualifications in "poetry and calligraphy".
Turtle Humpback Statue
The statue of a sacred turtle carrying a stone tablet on its back. It is said that this turtle is one of the nine sons of the dragon and is good at carrying weight and knowing good fortune, so it can keep the inscriptions on it from being erased. \With this as the core material, we can build the "Dragon and Tortoise Mountain", which is full of stone tablets. This is an expansion building built next to the "study room" and must be adjacent to the "stone mountain", which can increase the chance that people within the influence of the town or sect they belong to will have a "flash of light" when they study "poetry and books".
Moonlight Stone
Although they are not as big as the precious pearls obtained by the lord in the Spring and Autumn period, they can shine the night into day after accumulating a few. \With this as the core material, we can build the "night building" which can keep you awake at night. This is an expansion building built next to the "study room", which is adjacent to the "spiritual vein" and can increase the "poetry and calligraphy" attainment of people within the influence of the town or sect to which it belongs.
Thousands of Books and Elephants Cabinet
The bookcase containing insect repellent herbs is set up with different compartments and movable partitions between the layers according to the type of books, which has a huge capacity and is easy to find. \With this as the core material, you can build a "bookcase" to collect various secret books and classics. This is an extension building built next to the "Study Room" to repair the missing and lost pages of books placed in it.
Net color wall color
The wall paint of the purest color can prevent even the slightest change in color of the paintings hanging on the wall due to the surrounding environment. \With this as the core material, we can build the "Danchenkan" to appreciate and exchange paintings. This is an extension building built next to the "Painting Pavilion" to discover talented people with excellent qualifications in "painting".
Baise Mortar
A set of special mortar with a lid and a smooth, clean body that is free from dirt, so that the ground colors are not eroded and remain pure. \With this as the core material, we can build a pigment workshop called "Gokyo Grotto". This is an expansion building built next to the "Painting Pavilion" and adjacent to the "Valley of Flowers", which can increase the chance of people within the influence of the town or sect they belong to to having a "flash of light" when they study "painting" books.
Hundred Colored Fragrant Wood
Material like wood non-wood, like stone non-stone beams, fragrant, carved and decorated, can be described as a thousand shapes, strange light and color. \n this as the heart of the material, can build "Tianxiang color pavilion". This is an expansion building built next to the "Painting Pavilion", and it must be adjacent to the "Chic Fragrance Plain", which can increase the "painting" attainments of the people within the influence of the town and sect to which it belongs.
Jade mirror and flower platform
A small carved table with jade mirrors, where all kinds of face pills, lipsticks, eyebrows, flower inlays and other tools used for make-up are stored. \With this as the core material, we can build the "Painting Pavilion", which is a house for beauty to decorate. This is an extension building built next to the "Painting Pavilion", which can greatly increase the goodwill of those who meet Taiwu for the first time.
sundial star instrument
The light of the sun, moon and stars shines on the sundial, and the shadows formed by the sundial needle on the sundial surface are used to determine the position of the hour and the stars. \With this as the core material, we can build the "Founder's Hall" for the food and lodging of the Founder. This is an extension of the "Stargazer's Hall", which was built next to the "Stargazer's Hall", to discover talented people with excellent qualifications in "arts and mathematics".
Stargazing Pearl
The small round beads, carefully polished by craftsmen, enable people to see the distant starry sky clearly. \Using these beads as the heart material, we can build a tall building at the top of the mountain called "Star-gazing Tower". It is an expansion building built next to the "Stargazing Platform" and adjacent to the "Lone Peak", which can increase the chance of "aura" when people within the influence of the town or sect they belong to study "magic" books.
Kunlun Mountain God Statue
Legend has it that the god of Kunlun Mountain is called Luwu, who is in charge of the capital under the emperor and the nine divisions of the sky. This statue, with a human face and tiger body and nine tails, is carved from beautiful jade and seems to be surrounded by spirits. \It is said that this statue is made of beautiful jade with a human face and nine tails. This is an expansion building built next to the "Stargazer" and must be adjacent to the "Feng Shui Dragon Cave", which can increase the "magic" attainments of the people within the influence of the town and sect to which it belongs.
Birth and destruction of two stars chart
It is said that it has the power to control life and death, and the viewer will often unconsciously indulge in it. \It is said to have the power to control life and death. This is an expansion building built next to the "Stargazer" to enhance the legacy of Taiwu's life.
Gold furnace of raw incense and clay
The precious incense burner, decorated with clay and gold, has a unique structure that allows the fragrance to be completely emitted, hence the name "Sanghyang". \With this as the core material, it was possible to build the "incense house", an institution for identifying tea and wine. This is an extension of the building next to the "Gansen Hall", where you can find people with excellent qualifications in "tasting".
Exotic Treasures
The treasures purchased from the neighboring states, such as paintings and ornaments, are very different in shape from those of the Middle Kingdom and can be enjoyed and played with by visitors. \With this as the core material, we can build a water boat "Hu Boat". This is an expansion building built next to the "Ganquan Hall" and must be adjacent to the "water area". It can increase the chance that people within the influence of the town or sect to which you belong will have a "flash of light" when they read "tasting" books.
Worldly Landscape Stone
The texture of the stone is like a painting, and the viewer often has the feeling of being far away from the ordinary world. \With this stone as the core material, we can build the "Garden of the Immortals", which is like a paradise in the world. This is an expansion building built next to the "Ganquan Hall" and adjacent to the "Changchun Stream", which can increase the "taste" attainment of people within the influence of the town and sect to which it belongs.
Cloud Dragon Pond
There is no water but a large pool of fog, in which the clouds are hidden into the shape of a dragon, which can filter the new tea in the pool according to the variety, merit, etc. to the upper, middle and lower layers of the pool. \With this as the core material, the "tea garden" can be built. This is an expansion building built next to the "Gansen Hall", which needs to be adjacent to the "Woyo", and this building can harvest tea leaves.
Gold Jade Dew Plate
The golden and jade-covered disc is slightly cool in the hand and can receive the dew from the vessel where the sake is steamed, making it sweeter. \This is used as the core material to build the "sake brewery". This is an expansion building built next to the "Gansen Hall" and adjacent to the "Wano", where you can harvest wine.
Red furnace forging table
The open-air forging table and furnace that can withstand high temperature and great force are often red because the flame in the furnace is constant at all times. \With this as the core material, the open-air foundry "Forge" can be built. This is an expansion building built next to the "fire room", where you can find people with excellent qualifications in "forging".
Sky Iron Plow
The divine plow made of celestial iron is rare and can be used for digging hard minerals. \With this as the core material, you can build the "Meteorite Iron Mine" to mine and temper meteorite iron. This is an expansion building built next to the "Fire Refining Room" and must be adjacent to the "Meteorite Pit" to increase the "Forging" attainment of people within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong.
Coarse Gold Sand
A fine sand with a hard and rough texture that removes debris from the surface of the ore during grinding. \With this as the core material, you can build a "pond" to wash the ore. This is an expansion building built next to the "fire room" and adjacent to the "stone hill" to harvest gold and silver materials for "forging".
Fire Sinking Pond
A smelting and casting machine that combines a furnace and a gold sink into one can calcine gold and stone into water, separate impurities, and cool and settle pure iron in the gold sink. \This is the core material for the construction of the "refining room" for frying gold and stone. This is an expansion building built next to the "fire refining room", which is adjacent to the "stone hill" and can harvest iron materials for "forging".
Dragon King Water House
It is said that when the small statue of the Dragon King Temple is placed in the center of the well, it can make the well water be blessed by the Dragon King and become clear and divine. \With this as the core material, we can build the "Dragon Spring Seven Star Well", which is full of spiritual energy. This is an extension building built next to the "Fire Refining Room", which enables the "Fire Refining Room" adjacent to it to produce better quality gold and iron tools.
God's Firewood Burner
The firewood collected from the wood mountain can be lit to create a green fire for several years. \With this as the core material, we can build the "Fire Casting" to take the fire of the earth. This is an extension building built next to the "Fire Refining Room" and adjacent to the "Fire Pond", which can reduce the requirement of "forging" skill in manufacturing, repairing and refining gold and iron tools.
Curing wood hundred treasure
There are various types of woodworking tools, from ordinary equipment that can be used by a single person to large equipment that requires the cooperation of many people. \With this as the core material, you can build a "Woodworking Workshop". This is an expansion building built next to the "Woodworking Workshop", where you can find people with excellent qualifications in "woodworking".
Translucent Agar
A clear liquid resembling rosin, it can encase wood and make it imperishable. \By using this as the core material, you can build "wood specimens" in different forms. This is an expansion building built next to the "woodworking room" and adjacent to the "secret forest", which can increase the "woodworking" skills of people within the influence of the town or sect to which they belong.
Hundred Saws
A large saw that can be driven by the combined strength of several people can handle several huge pieces of wood at the same time. \Using this as the core material, you can build a "lumberyard" for harvesting trees. This is an expansion building built next to the "woodshop" and adjacent to the "woods" to harvest wood materials for "wood making".
Panshan Water Dragon
The hose connected to the organ can quickly transport water to the vast mountain forest to put out fires and maintain the garden. \With this as the core material, we can build a standard cultivation "forestry". This is an expansion building built next to the "woodshop" and adjacent to the "woods" to harvest rattan and bamboo materials for "wood making".
Silver Bone Cold Bituminous Coal
The charcoal with white frost on its surface is cold instead of hot, and it stays on for a long time, making the surrounding area as cold as winter. \With this as the core material, we can build the "kiln of the underworld" for drying wood. This is an expansion building built next to the "woodworking room", which enables the adjacent "woodworking room" to produce better quality wooden tools.
Godwood Roots
It is said that this tree was born at the beginning of the world. \It is said that this tree was born at the beginning of heaven and earth. Using this as the core material, we can build the "Forest of Divine Wood" for the cultivation of plants and trees. This is an extension building built next to the "woodworking room", which is adjacent to the "Taishiki Forest", and can reduce the requirement for "woodworking" skills in manufacturing, repairing and refining wooden tools.
Mahogany medicine cabinet
The medicine cabinet is durable and safe from harm and moisture, and contains dozens of small drawers for different herbs. \With this as the core material, we can build the "Pharmacist House" for developing new medicines. This is an extension building built next to the "pharmacy" to discover talented people with excellent qualifications in "medicine".
Cold Jade Ice Coffin
The ice coffin made of cold jade can keep the corpse from decaying, and there is always cold air condensing into mist around it. \Using this as the core material, we can build a "silver-covered ice coffin" to preserve the body of the deceased. This is an expansion building built next to the "pharmacy" and must be adjacent to the "ice" to increase the "medical" attainment of people within the influence of the town or sect to which it belongs.
Four Seasons Light Beads
It is said that the pearl, which can keep the room warm at all times, can accumulate heat from the light. \With this as the core material, you can build a medicinal garden called "medicinal garden". This is an expansion building built next to the "pharmacy" and is adjacent to the "herbal medicine", and can be used to harvest yang herbs for "healing".
Meridian Opening Stone
The stone is full of holes, through which different herbs can coexist and grow together. \Using this as the core material, you can build a "medicine room" to cultivate rare herbs. This is an expansion building built next to the "Pharmacy", adjacent to the "Herbs", where you can harvest Yin herbs for "Healing".
Water and fire smokeless charcoal
This charcoal burns without smoke and fire, and the temperature is fixed according to the medicine. It is said to be a spiritual object taken from a volcano under the sea. \With this material, we can build a "water fire furnace" for decocting medicine. This is an expansion building built next to the "pharmacy", which enables the "pharmacy" adjacent to it to produce better quality pills.
Farming God's Blood
It is said that the magical juice that can make all the herbs free from insects and never wither is the legacy of Shennong. \With this as the core material, we can build the "Shennong Stream" for cultivating herbs. This is an extension building built next to the "Pharmacy" and adjacent to the "Changchun Stream", which can reduce the requirement of "medical skill" when making potions.
Killing rack
The cross-shaped iron frame carrying all kinds of instruments of torture is too cold for people to see and dare to look at. \This is the core material for the construction of the "dark prison" where sinners are imprisoned. This is an extension building built next to the "dark room" to discover people with excellent qualifications in "poison".
Incense of Avoidance
It is a strange fragrance made of slightly poisonous herbs, with a pungent odor that makes people and animals run away when they smell it. \With this as the core material, you can build the "No Man's House", a place for refining poison. This is an extension of the building next to the "secret room" and adjacent to the "secret forest", which can increase the "poison" attainment of the people within the influence of the town and sect to which it belongs.
Ghost Swallowing Miasma Furnace
A medicine furnace that can continuously produce miasma requires the bones of human and animal beings or poisonous substances as a lure. \With this as the core material, you can build the "Miasma Pond" to condense poison. This is an expansion building built next to the "Chamber of Secrets" and is adjacent to the "Poison Swamp" to harvest positive poisons for "poison magic".
Feeding Cage
The cage can only be entered by one person, and there is a place to feed and water on the side of the cage. \Using this as the core material, you can build the "Cave of the Ruined" where plague is rampant. This is an expansion building built next to the "Chamber of the Dead" and is adjacent to the "Poison Swamp", where you can harvest poisonous substances for "poison magic".
Fossilized bloodstone
The poisonous stone can be sunk into the bottom of the pond, turning the grass, trees, people and animals in the pond into bright red blood. \With this as the core material, the "Blood Pond" can be built to scare people. This is an expansion building built next to the "Yui Room", which enables the adjacent "Yui Room" to produce better quality poisons.
Wonderful Scented Dragon Wood
It is a rare wood with the texture of a dragon and a strange fragrance, which can catalyze strange poison and stimulate the ferocity of poisonous creatures. \With this as the core material, we can build the "Divine Dragon Pillar" to tame the poisonous creatures. This is an extension building built next to the "Chamber of Secrets" and adjacent to the "Cave of Serpents", which can reduce the requirement of "poison" skill when making poisons.
Loom Dyes
The most advanced jacquard loom and various colors of dyes are available. \With this as the core material, you can build a weaving and dyeing workshop called "Weaving Workshop". This is an expansion building built next to the Embroidery Building, where you can find talented people with excellent qualifications in "brocade weaving".
Black Serpent's Skeleton
The fine bones taken from the body of the gentoo snake are exceptionally flexible, can be bent and straightened, and are indestructible. \Using this as the core material, we can build the highly efficient "Snake Bone Ayame Machine". This is an expansion building built next to the "Embroidery House" and adjacent to the "Cave of the Xuan Snake", which can increase the "brocade" attainment of the people within the influence of the town and sect to which it belongs.
Hundred Flowers Seeds
The seeds of a hundred flowers are cultivated with aura, and the flower dew can be used to wash fabrics. \Using this as the core material, we can build the "Hundred Flowers Waterfall" for washing fabrics. This is an expansion building built next to the "Embroidery House" and adjacent to the "Flower Valley", where you can harvest plant fabrics for "brocade weaving".
Exotic Fetal Eggs
The hatchlings of all kinds of rare and exotic beasts can only be hatched and grown in places with rich spiritual energy. \With this as the core material, we can build the "Garden of Exotic Creatures" to breed famous flowers, exotic insects and exotic animals. This is an expansion building built next to the "Embroidery House", which is adjacent to the "Flower Valley" and can harvest fur fabrics for "brocade weaving".
Twelve color silkworms
It is a rare species of silkworm that can spit out all kinds of colorful silk, and it is smaller than ordinary mulberry silkworms, and its body is covered with colorful patterns. \With this as the core material, we can build the "Colorful Mulberry Garden" for breeding colored silkworms. This is an expansion building built next to the "Embroidery House", which enables the adjacent "Embroidery House" to produce better quality brocade products.
Colorful Crystal Magnet
The fragments of crystals that emit strange fragrance and colors are able to connect fine things such as hair and silk with their own magnetic force. \With this as the core material, it can be used to build the "sacred color shuttle" for weaving. This is an expansion building built next to the "embroidery building" and adjacent to the "Kijangwon", which can reduce the requirement for "brocade weaving" skill when manufacturing, repairing and refining brocade products.
Sanshan Mao Shi
It is not known whether there is beautiful jade hidden in the stones brought in from various places. \With this as the core material, we can build a stone storage facility called "Mao Shi Fang". This is an expansion building next to the "Craftsman's House", where you can find talented people with excellent qualifications in "craftsmanship".
Fire Pond Red Crystal
The huge red crystals produced near the fire pond can reveal the texture and flaws inside the jade. \With this as the core material, you can build the "Red Blood Mirror" on top of the fire pond. This is an expansion building built next to the "Craft House" and adjacent to the "Fire Pond", which can increase the "Craft" skill of the people within the influence of the town or sect to which it belongs.
Coarse Jewel Sand
The exotic sandstone with fine texture flows naturally when placed in the pond, thus grinding away impurities from the surface of the stones. \Using this as the core material, you can build a special waterless treasure pond called "Rumbo Pond". This is an expansion building built next to the "Craftsman's House" and is adjacent to the "Gems" to harvest jade materials for "Craftsman".
Diamond Saw
The stone saw made of diamond is so hard that it can cut all hard stones and foreign treasures. \By using this as the core material, we can build the "Vajra Unsealed Jade Terrace", which can cut the hardest stones in the world. This is an expansion building built next to the "Craftsman's House" and is adjacent to the "Jewel" to harvest stone materials for "Craftsman".
Lingerie Eight
The eight pieces of extremely delicate jade cutting tools can process even jade of the size of a grain of rice. \With this as the core material, we can build the "Linglong Terrace" for processing precious stones and jade. This is an expansion building built next to the "Craft House", which enables the neighboring "Craft House" to produce better quality jade products.
Millennium Jade Mother
It is said to be the mother of all jade stones. \By using this stone as the core material, we can build the "Divine Light Bik", which is used to stimulate the spirituality of precious stones and jade. This is an extension building built next to the "Artisan House" and adjacent to the "Spirit Vein", which can reduce the requirement for "Artisan" skill in manufacturing, repairing and refining jade products.
Incense Tablet
A stone tablet used to record the merits of the incense-bearers and to make it reach heaven. \It can be used as the core material to build the "Taoist temple". This is an extension building built next to the "Cloud Room" to discover talented people with excellent qualifications in "Daoism".
First Taoist Master's Stash
The Taoist canon is carefully examined, and the books are mixed with insect-proof herbs to keep insects and moths away. \With this as the core material, we can build a place of retreat, the "Cliff of Purgatory". This is an expansion building built next to the Cloud Room and adjacent to the Lone Peak, which can increase the chance that people within the influence of the town or sect to which you belong will have a "flash of light" when studying Daoist books.
Immortal Mountain Clouds
The fog from the immortal mountains can clear one's spirit. \With this material, we can build the "Chaoyuan Cave", a place for cultivating qi. This is an expansion building built next to the "Cloud Room" and must be adjacent to the "Feng Shui Dragon Point" to increase the "Daoist" attainment of people within the influence of the town or sect to which you belong.
Purple gold alchemy furnace
The golden and purple interwoven alchemy furnace can absorb the qi of heaven and earth to refine spiritual pills. \nThis is the heart material to build the "Dan Room" for refining immortal pills and spiritual medicines. This is an expansion building built next to the "Cloud Room", which can restore the life span to the scale level of the Dan Room for the characters within the influence of the town and sect to which it belongs.
The relics of senior monks
It is said that the relics left behind after the death of a monk with perfect virtue will bring unlimited blessings to those who offer them. \Using the relics as the heart material, the pagoda can be built. This is an extension building built next to the "meditation room" to discover talented people with excellent qualifications in "Buddhism".
Buddha's Heart Medicine
Buddhist sutras treat the mind and Buddhist medicine treat the body, both of which are wonderful remedies to help people know their own mind and self-nature. \With this material as the heart, we can build the "Cave of Insight". This is an expansion building built next to the "Zen Room" and adjacent to the "Herbs", which can increase the chance of "spiritual insight" for people within the influence of the town or sect they belong to when they study "Buddhist" books.
Withered Twin Tree
The half-dead and half-vigorous precious tree contains the principle that all dharmas are impermanent, and that they are born and die in a moment. \With this as the heart material, we can build the "Kurentai" for sitting in the "Kuren meditation". This is an expansion building built next to the "meditation room" and adjacent to the "Forest of the First Century", which can increase the "Buddhist" attainment of people within the influence of the town or sect to which it belongs.
Thirty-five true scriptures
The thirty-five Mahayana sutras retrieved by the monks from the Buddhist temple are all-encompassing and comprehensive. \With this as the core material, we can build the "Sutra Reading Pavilion" for chanting and studying the sutras. This is an extension building built next to the "meditation room", which can reduce the consumption of enlightenment for all study strategies.
Hundred Thousand Bowls of Calendars
There are countless kinds of beautifully decorated bowls and jars. \By using them as the core material, we can build the "Hundred Families Banquet", an open-air banquet for the people on a very large scale. This is an extension building built next to the "Food Cellar", where you can find people with excellent qualifications in "cooking".
Heavenly Iron Tripod
It is the best choice to test your cooking skills because it is hot when it is near the fire and cold when it is away from the fire. \With this as the core material, we can build the cooking utensil "Zao Wang Xuan Ding". This is an expansion building built next to the "Food Cellar" and adjacent to the "Meteorite Pit", which can increase the "cooking" attainment of people within the influence of the town and sect to which they belong.
Four Seasons Flowing Wind
The mechanism, shaped like a giant fan, can draw the wind from the east, south, west and north in all seasons, so that the crops in the garden can grow according to the time. \With this as the core material, we can build the "Four Seasons Garden" which is always green. This is an expansion building built next to the "food cellar" and adjacent to the "fertile field" to harvest vegetarian and animal ingredients for "cooking".
Heavens Turn Rainy
It is a wonderful mechanism that can turn water into fine rain and moisten a township. \Using this as the core material, we can build "Tensei-go" to cultivate crops. This is an extension building built next to the "food cellar" and adjacent to the "fertile field", where you can harvest fish and poultry ingredients for "cooking".
Double-eared Universal Pot
The amphora pots, which contain a variety of exotic spices, are painted with scenes from all over the world. \With this as the core material, the "Spice House" can be built to collect and cultivate various kinds of spices for dishes. This is an extension building built next to the "Food Cellar", which will enable the adjacent "Food Cellar" to produce better quality dishes.
Crystal Ice Tiles
The bricks are made of pure ice with a crystal-like texture and are too cold to be touched directly by hand. \With this as the core material, we can build the ice house "Dragon Palace". This is an expansion building built next to the "food cellar" and adjacent to the "ice", which can reduce the requirement of "cooking" skill when making dishes.
Golden Decorations
The decorations made of gold, silver and beautiful jade are exquisitely crafted and extremely luxurious. \You can build "Flower Boat" with this as the core material. This is an expansion building built next to the "Long Street", and it must be adjacent to the "Water", where you can find charismatic characters.
Theatrical costumes
The props and clothes used in the performance of the troupe, the so-called "clothes, helmet, miscellaneous, handle", are all available. \With this as the core material, we can build a "Grotto and Tile House". This is an extension of the building next to the "Long Street", where you can find talented people with excellent qualifications in "miscellaneous studies".
Famous Gardens and Landscapes
The landscape scenes and various furnishings needed in the garden are designed by famous craftsmen. \With this as the core material, you can build the "Great Garden". This is an expansion building built next to the "Long Street" and adjacent to the "Flower Valley", which can increase the chance of people within the influence of the town or sect they belong to to to have a "flash of light" when studying "miscellaneous" books.
Exotic Flowers and Stones
All kinds of rare flowers and plants and rare and exotic rocks have taken a lot of manpower and material resources to find. \With this as the core material, we can build "Xuan Pu". This is an extension building built next to the "Long Street" and adjacent to the "Changchun Stream", which can increase the "miscellaneous studies" attainment of people within the influence of the town or sect to which it belongs.
Taiwu Genealogy
This genealogy has lasted for more than three hundred years, starting from the first Taiwu and ending with the last Taiwu heir nearly one hundred years ago. Most of the contents of the genealogy have been lost, but the fragmented records of the ten Taiwu heirs are vaguely visible...\n This is the material for the construction of the "Taiwu Ancestral Hall", which is an important place for the Taiwu family to discuss and educate future generations.
Map of Western Region
This map contains information on the geographical location, trade routes, and natural environment of the western countries. \nBy using the map as the core material, you can build a trading group "Tea Caravans" to communicate with the western region and the Central Plains, and by sending merchants westward, you can harvest foreign treasures.
Wheel of Six Paths
The six reincarnation wheels created by the secret method are made of wood and stone, gold and iron, with different patterns, which are said to be the objects of the hell. \n This as the heart material, can build "reincarnation platform", the wandering soul into the reincarnation.
Fragmentation of Weaving of MoNyu
The fragment of the divine sword Mo Mui clothes, is a thousand years to grow an inch of strange iron cicada shells cast, faintly visible Mo Mui's original soul floating in it.
Fragmentation of Vanquish Evil
The fragment of the divine sword Voodoo Iron, which is refined and forged from the Zhen Jie Voodoo stone condensed from the corpse bones of Dayue Yao Chang, is faintly visible in which the Yuan soul of Dayue Yao Chang emerges.
Frgmentation of Glacial Vassal
The fragment of the divine sword Da Xuan Neng is refined with the strange cold ice spirit of Jiu Han, who was transformed into an iceberg, and Jiu Han's original soul is faintly visible in it.
Fragmentation of Phoenix Cocoon
The fragment of the divine sword phoenix cocoon, is refined and cast by the golden cocoon made by the golden phoenix child, faintly visible golden phoenix child's elemental soul floating in it.
Fragmentation of Spirit Smelting
The fragment of the divine sword Burning God Alchemy is refined by the living fire made by Yi Yi Hou and the ugly fox, and the original soul of Yi Yi Hou is faintly visible floating in it.
Fragmentation of Draconic Anima
The fragment of the divine sword, the dragon spirit, is refined and forged from the broken tail of the candle yin that Wei Qi found, and the Yuan soul of Wei Qi is faintly visible in it.
Fragmentation of Anchorite
The fragment of the divine sword, the dissolving dust hidden, is the living jade changed from the living jade planted in the resting soil under the Jianmu, and the spirit of Yi Xiang can be seen faintly floating in it.
Fragmentation of Infernal Acerjail
The fragment of the divine sword prisoner devil wood is refined from the blood-colored spirit maple made by Chi You's death in battle, and the Xue Feng's elemental soul is faintly visible in it.
Fragmentation of Wonderglow
The fragment of the divine sword Ghost God Xia is refined and forged by the bronze ancient token that has transformed the original spirit of the art party, and the original soul of the art party is faintly visible in it.
Fragmentation of FuYu Sword
The fragment of Fuyu sword, "the sword is in the devil, the devil is in the sword", was transformed by Huan Xin Shen Shen, and was devoured by Xiang Shu after losing to him.
FuYu Hilt
The hilt of the sword is ancient in shape and not made of gold or iron. \n Because the two sides of the hilt are engraved with the words "Fu" and "Yu" in seal script, so the name is Fu Yu. The original blade on the hilt is nowhere to be found, and there is no trace of a break.
《Return to Innocence》
The heart is muddled without the five elements, no words, no knowledge of heaven and earth is not clear...
《Storm Swiftness》
Through the mountains across the sea, the line of change without a trace, flying heaven and earth, white clothes show signs...
《Myriads》
Birth, old age, sickness and death have four karmas; Enlightenment, becoming, disability and extinction are not complete...
《Dragon-like Carving》
The ancient people, blood into a painting, the elephant dragon on it, to show the gods...
《Finger of Hades》
What is revealed: near, far, square, round, is the essence of gain and loss; what is seen by the heart: qi, pulse, essence, spirit, is the basis of life and death...
《Omnidirectional Kick》
There are four poles in the southeast and northwest, and eight theatres in the ultimate heaven and earth. Do you know that the six paths are opened up, starting from the ten toes under the feet...
《Shadow Sneak》
No flowers on the branch fall jade fruit, no dragon in the clouds rain pouring, strange and strange can ever see? God's front without shadow can not live...
《Nameless Sword》
The man with a life has not had his life, the sword without a name has its own name...
《Murderous Mara》
Before there is yin and yang, first there is the devil, heaven and earth are killed, then become God and Buddha...
《Symbol of Sky》
One: the difference between yin and yang, the sun and the moon, the traces of the great road, the stars and the vastness of the closed and open, so hold one, a painting to open the sky...
《Unprecedented One》
No law is different, no law is monstrous, no degree is playful, no first is strange...
《Dragon Treasure》
Swing like a camel, fling like a deer, shake like a rabbit, positive like a cow, reverse like a snake, hide like a mirage, show like a carp, hook like an eagle, split like a tiger...
《Heavenly Divine》
Tai Gong fishing, the willing, to the death of the silk, the way to ascend to heaven...
《Ragnarok》
The goddess sends a sad dream, the sun and the moon lie in the remnants of the rainbow, the absolute sound of the nine worlds, the sea of stars falls XuanDong...
Shadow Command
The token is specially made for Taiwu heirs by the secret artisan of Jieqing Gate due to the instruction of his late master. No one in the jianghu knows its image, and if it is held by others, they will be assassinated by the assassins of the Jieqing Gate.
Sycamore with \nHuanXin's blood
The Sycamore which pierced the palm of HuanXin and contaminated by her blood. 
Bamboo spike x12
Twelve bamboo spine cut from the bamboo piece. 
Remains of Xu Xian Gong
Xu Xian Gong's tattered wooden torso. The body of the shuttered places are made of wutong, but it is permeated with flakes of crimson, like patches of blood.
A secure boat
The modeling is simple and plain, although it is a narrow wooden boat made of ordinary wooden boards, but the mortise and tenon joint is firm and the nesting is exquisite. Even if it is washed by the rapids and collided by the rocks, it will not be easily damaged and broken.
Fuyu Sword Furnace
This furnace material is not gold or iron, both rigid and soft, its color is sometimes translucent like glaze, and sometimes black as if Xuan Iron, once the true law of the Twelve Golden Immortals of Kunlun as firewood, can refine all things, is the refining and casting of "Fuyu sword" of the sword furnace.
Seven Pieces of Genuine Bamboo
The withered purple bamboo was wrapped in a thick black stone scale and broke itself into seven pieces, a strange thing that can pass through the realm of the present and the Xuan Shi.
Huanxin's luggage
Huanxin's luggage, in which pots and pans, bedding and pillows are all there, and a small brocade box, hidden among several pieces of swords, containing rouge and powder...
Seven-color iron plate
My father instructed that when repairing the bamboo hut, the iron plate buried under the bamboo hut was needed. \n this as the heart material, can build a "bamboo hut" in the middle of the mountain stream.
Heavenly Tribulation Talisman
The catastrophe of the heavenly way, detaching from reincarnation; the talisman of the alchemy, summoning the gods and impeaching ghosts.
Classic Art
Everyone in the world praises Taiwu's talent. From all corners of the world, various classics of skills are presented here. \nWith this as the core material, the "Taiwu Academy" can be built to encourage everyone in Taiwu Village to learn Fine arts.
Martial Art Classic
Everyone in the world praises Taiwu's martial arts strategy, and all kinds of kung fu classics are brought here from all corners of the world. \nWith this as the core material, the "Taiwu Martial School" can be built to encourage everyone in Taiwu Village to learn martial arts.
Back Basket
Made of bamboo strips, tendons and hemp rope, it is strong and light, and you can carry all kinds of sundries with this bamboo basket. It is a relic of the descendant of Taiwu who once aspired to be a 「Wildling」.
Hunting Bow
The total length of this bow is six feet, with sugarcane as the stem and copper as the arrowhead. It is a relic of the descendants of Taiwu who once aspired to be 「Hunter」.
Hammer
It is made of ordinary gold and iron, and sparks can be seen flying when it falls. Although it is not rare, it is enough to forge gold and stone. It is a relic of the descendant of Taiwu who once aspired to be a 「Craftsman」.
Broken Bowl
The rough pottery bowls that can be found everywhere have mud and cracks on the mouth of the bowl, but the bottom of the bowl is smooth after being held in the hands for many years. It is a relic of the descendant of Taiwu who once aspired to be a 「Beggar」.
Grain sac
"Rice", "millet", "millet", "wheat" and "beans" are collectively called five grains. Throughout the ages, regardless of class, there are prayers for the inexhaustibility of five grains. It is a relic of the descendants of Taiwu who once aspired to be 「Civilian」.
Stumpy Shoes
A pair of light and easy-to-wear shoes are now in tatters. Gain has traveled all over the mountains and rivers and seen the sun and the moon, so he has such a dilapidated appearance. It is a relic of the descendant of Taiwu who once had the ambition of 「Traveler」.
Ancient Jade Bat
A piece of ancient Chinese white jade ornaments, despite the frost, is still as cold as ice, want to drip dew. This jade is only the size of the palm of your hand, shaped like a bat, quite a magnificent and spiritual and lovely, when playing with it, it seems to have a bat light sleep in the palm, such as dead things come to life, the reality is difficult to distinguish.
Ancient Jade Fox
A piece of ancient Chinese white jade ornaments, although the wind and frost plus body, is still as cold as ice, want to drip dew. This jade is only the size of the palm of your hand, shaped like a white fox, quite soft and lovely attitude, when playing with it, like holding a fox frolicking between the fingers, such as a dead thing reincarnated, the reality is difficult to distinguish.
Ancient Jade Butterfly
A piece of ancient Chinese white jade ornaments, although the wind and frost added body, is still as cold as ice, want to drip dew Hua. This jade is only the size of the palm of your hand, shaped like a butterfly, quite beautiful and lovely, when playing with it, it seems to meet the nymphs lightly on the fingers, such as dead things come to life, the reality is indistinguishable.
Worn Out Bell
"This bell is mottled and dull, and can be vaguely identified with several inexplicable charms. Legend has it that the Taoist who is proficient in invoking ghosts and harnessing ghosts can awaken ghosts and monsters with the soul bell and henceforth become master and servant, even if they are reincarnated for thousands of lives, they can still call each other with this bell, and if they are not the owner of this bell in the old days, then this bell shakes and does not ring...
Dirty Sculpture
Like excavated from the mud, dirty small statue, shaped like a bodhisattva, but also like a wild Buddha, face blurred indistinguishable. This object seems to be carved by rotten wood, but tough and indestructible, held in the hand only feel very strange...
Flowing Gold Fire Bell
The magic weapon belonging to the real person of Tai Su Qing Xu is shaped like a bell, small and delicate, with a flowing gold body and a hanging fire tongue. It symbolizes the will of Qingxu Qingxu to kill the demons and destroy the monsters and save the lives of the people.
《Treasure Scroll of Youth》
Qingtong Dajun belonged to the magic weapon, bamboo briefs at the beginning of the ancient clerical engraved with 'Qingtong treasure volume' four words, the whole body color like jasper, quality like green smoke, see it as a double palm size, a thousand pages and ten thousand words thick and thin, carrying all the hundreds of millions of true words of Taoism. Symbol of Qingtong Dajun preaching the scriptures and teaching the Tao, teaching the will of all directions.
Wang Fangping's Whip
The whip is made of augur leather, red and black in color, with a cold light, and the head of the whip is carved with a dragon's head and golden runes. It symbolizes the will of the King of Shangzai to cleanse the filth and dissipate evil desires.
《Taishang Yu Yiwen》
The book contains the names and costumes of the five emperors in the sun. If a monk recites "Tai Shang Yu Yi Wen" at sunrise, he can make the sunlight enter and the sun essence move his body. The book symbolizes the method of the true man of Qingling and the gods to merge with the Tao.
Fire Essence
The magic weapon belonging to Qingcheng Abbot is shaped like a pearl, red and yellow in color, with a flame attached to the body of the pearl, which is extinguished when it is blown, but reignites instantly. It symbolizes the will of the Qingcheng master to help righteousness and eliminate evil, and to punish evil and promote goodness.
Xuanzhou Jinzhi
The golden ganoderma of Xuanzhou is born in Xuanzhou, and grows with the reflection of the sun. The ganoderma cover is shaped like auspicious clouds, the ganoderma handle is as thin as onion fingers, and the whole body is golden and brilliant. It symbolizes the way of Xuanzhou immortal uncle, the way of harmony with nature and love for all things.
Nantian Candle
Mr. Qing Jing belongs to the magic weapon, according to legend, is Mr. Qing Jing's hand planted grass, the stem is long and slender, green leaves, the fragrance of the nine orifices, long smell forget worry. It symbolizes Mr. Qing Jing's longevity and long-sightedness, and the way of longevity and beauty.
Nine Red Spot Talisman
Zi Yang real person belonged to the magic weapon, red paper Xuan Shu, five colors and run, the cloud text and fog words, ethereal million changes. Symbolizes the Purple Sun Reality on the will to cut down the demons and take away the evil, and to subdue the demons and defend the way.
Purple Jade Tablet
According to the legend, Mao Ying Taoist ascended to the top of the world and was given the name of "Taiyuan" by the emperor, and was given a purple jade wat, which is used to attract and drive thousands of spirits. It symbolizes the will of San Mao Zhenjun to sit in the yin palace and rule all the ghosts.
《Book of Profound Alchemy》
It is a magic weapon belonging to Beihai Gong Juanzi, with silk cloth as the book and ink as the text, containing the Taoist method of cultivating the elemental air, which has been handed down for a long time and is incomplete and difficult to read. It symbolizes the will of Beihai Gong Juanzi to help all the people and to guide all beings.
Shabby White Jade
The white jade left behind by the scruffy daoist, snow-white in color, as small as a finger cover, seems to be a hair crown decorative things, has been damaged and worn out, unbearable to use.
Canon of the Western Regions

Scriptures of the Western Regions

Misspelled False Scriptures

Eastern Sutra Replica

Weird Buddha Tablets

Like excavated from the soil, dirty small statue, shaped like a bodhisattva, but also like a wild Buddha, face blurred indistinguishable. This object seems to be carved by rotten wood, but it is tough and indestructible. If you carry this object, you may be able to meet the old monk in your dream and meet the chance again...
As excavated from the soil, dirty small statue, shaped like a bodhisattva, but also like a wild Buddha, face blurred indistinguishable. This object seems to be carved by rotten wood, but tough and hard to destroy, although there is a mysterious opportunity, now the light has gone, perhaps should be returned to Shaolin...
Jieqing Death Order

Ancestor's Secret Order
A small and simple token, bestowed by the founding master of the Emei Sect. All disciples of Emei must strictly obey the orders issued by those in possession of this token. Any disobedience is considered a betrayal of the master and the sect. Given the highly confidential nature of this item, it should not be casually revealed to others unless absolutely necessary.
Immortal Jade Talisman

Immortal's Jade Sword

Immortal Jade Ring

Shattered Sculpture
As excavated from the soil, dirty small statue, shaped like a bodhisattva, but also like a wild Buddha, face blurred indistinguishable. This thing is now full of cracks, its appearance is broken, there is no difference at all, maybe it should be returned to Shaolin...
Mountain Divine Tree Seed
Yuluo Xiaotai, the Divine Tree of an immortal family, is endowed with elegance and grace, and contains the gentleness of the Mountains. It absorbs the light of the sun and the moon to bear fruits. Only when obtained from a real spiritual master of an immortal family, and planted among the mountains and rivers can it sprout and grow. Wherever the spiritual energy of the Divine Tree reaches, the spring air will return, everything will become majestic, and the mountains and rivers may change.
Cave Divine Tree Seed
Yuluo Xiaotai, the Divine Tree of an immortal family, is endowed with elegance and grace, and contains the gentleness of the Caves. It absorbs the light of the sun and the moon to bear fruits. Only when obtained from a real spiritual master of an immortal family, and planted among the mountains and rivers can it sprout and grow. Wherever the spiritual energy of the Divine Tree reaches, the spring air will return, everything will become majestic, and the mountains and rivers may change.
Canyon Divine Tree Seed
Yuluo Xiaotai, the Divine Tree of an immortal family, is endowed with elegance and grace, and contains the gentleness of the Canyons. It absorbs the light of the sun and the moon to bear fruits. Only when obtained from a real spiritual master of an immortal family, and planted among the mountains and rivers can it sprout and grow. Wherever the spiritual energy of the Divine Tree reaches, the spring air will return, everything will become majestic, and the mountains and rivers may change.
Swamp Divine Tree Seed
Yuluo Xiaotai, the Divine Tree of an immortal family, is endowed with elegance and grace, and contains the gentleness of the Swamps. It absorbs the light of the sun and the moon to bear fruits. Only when obtained from a real spiritual master of an immortal family, and planted among the mountains and rivers can it sprout and grow. Wherever the spiritual energy of the Divine Tree reaches, the spring air will return, everything will become majestic, and the mountains and rivers may change.
Hill Divine Tree Seed
Yuluo Xiaotai, the Divine Tree of an immortal family, is endowed with elegance and grace, and contains the gentleness of the Hills. It absorbs the light of the sun and the moon to bear fruits. Only when obtained from a real spiritual master of an immortal family, and planted among the mountains and rivers can it sprout and grow. Wherever the spiritual energy of the Divine Tree reaches, the spring air will return, everything will become majestic, and the mountains and rivers may change.
Wonderland Divine Tree Seed
Yuluo Xiaotai, the Divine Tree of an immortal family, is endowed with elegance and grace, and contains the gentleness of the Wonderlands. It absorbs the light of the sun and the moon to bear fruits. Only when obtained from a real spiritual master of an immortal family, and planted among the mountains and rivers can it sprout and grow. Wherever the spiritual energy of the Divine Tree reaches, the spring air will return, everything will become majestic, and the mountains and rivers may change.
Plains Divine Tree Seed
Yuluo Xiaotai, the Divine Tree of an immortal family, is endowed with elegance and grace, and contains the gentleness of the Plains. It absorbs the light of the sun and the moon to bear fruits. Only when obtained from a real spiritual master of an immortal family, and planted among the mountains and rivers can it sprout and grow. Wherever the spiritual energy of the Divine Tree reaches, the spring air will return, everything will become majestic, and the mountains and rivers may change.
Lake Divine Tree Seed
Yuluo Xiaotai, the Divine Tree of an immortal family, is endowed with elegance and grace, and contains the gentleness of the Lakes. It absorbs the light of the sun and the moon to bear fruits. Only when obtained from a real spiritual master of an immortal family, and planted among the mountains and rivers can it sprout and grow. Wherever the spiritual energy of the Divine Tree reaches, the spring air will return, everything will become majestic, and the mountains and rivers may change.
Woodland Divine Tree Seed
Yuluo Xiaotai, the Divine Tree of an immortal family, is endowed with elegance and grace, and contains the gentleness of the Woodlands. It absorbs the light of the sun and the moon to bear fruits. Only when obtained from a real spiritual master of an immortal family, and planted among the mountains and rivers can it sprout and grow. Wherever the spiritual energy of the Divine Tree reaches, the spring air will return, everything will become majestic, and the mountains and rivers may change.
Jungle Divine Tree Seed
Yuluo Xiaotai, the Divine Tree of an immortal family, is endowed with elegance and grace, and contains the gentleness of the Jungles. It absorbs the light of the sun and the moon to bear fruits. Only when obtained from a real spiritual master of an immortal family, and planted among the mountains and rivers can it sprout and grow. Wherever the spiritual energy of the Divine Tree reaches, the spring air will return, everything will become majestic, and the mountains and rivers may change.
River Divine Tree Seed
Yuluo Xiaotai, the Divine Tree of an immortal family, is endowed with elegance and grace, and contains the gentleness of the Rivers. It absorbs the light of the sun and the moon to bear fruits. Only when obtained from a real spiritual master of an immortal family, and planted among the mountains and rivers can it sprout and grow. Wherever the spiritual energy of the Divine Tree reaches, the spring air will return, everything will become majestic, and the mountains and rivers may change.
Valley Divine Tree Seed
Yuluo Xiaotai, the Divine Tree of an immortal family, is endowed with elegance and grace, and contains the gentleness of the Valleys. It absorbs the light of the sun and the moon to bear fruits. Only when obtained from a real spiritual master of an immortal family, and planted among the mountains and rivers can it sprout and grow. Wherever the spiritual energy of the Divine Tree reaches, the spring air will return, everything will become majestic, and the mountains and rivers may change.
Lone Luan's Ballad Mirror
Winged pairs, side by side, on the distant Mirror Lake\nAfter the departure of autumn winds, the spring breeze returns.\nOriginally, we entered the curtains together, exiting as a pair,\nHow can the crane part without leaving a trace, the lonely luan in peril upon the curtain?\n\nWith feathers held, a parting from now on, flying alone through the night, unable to dispel sorrow.\nBack and forth, hesitating, still admiring from afar, the vast Xiang River unwilling to cross.\nI desire to come and welcome,\nbut it seems In the mirror and beyond the dream, a long-lasting yearning, when will we be together again?
