Month Change
As the months pass, all kinds of resources regenerate...
Cricket Died
A certain cricket died of old age...
Prison Escape
Someone escaped from confinement...
Assassination
Someone was assassinated by Jieqing Gate...
Shadow Erasing Order
Someone was assassinated by Jieqing Gate because they were holding Shadow Erasing Order...
Resource Overfill
Due to carrying too many resources, some got accidentally lost...
Inventory Overweight
Due to carrying too many items, some got accidentally lost...
Storage Overweight
Due to storing too many items in the Storage, some of them got lost...
Enmity Bred
Someone gained a grudge against someone else...
Imprisonment Enmity
A person who is imprisoned feels resentment towards their imprisoner...
Rancor Melted
Someone has resolved their hatred towards someone.
Adore Confession
Someone impressed another person, and the two fell in love with each other.
Couple Broken Up
Someone has broken up with someone else, and severed their relationship as lovers.
Couple Married
Someone has promised to each other to spend their lives together, and became husband and wife.
Budding Friendship
Someone had a pleasant conversation with each other, and they decided to become friends.
Drifting Apart
Someone drifted apart from another person and they stopped being friends.
Became Sworn Siblings
Someone went through a ceremony with another person and became sworn siblings.
Severing Relationship
Someone ripped their robe to sever sworn sibling relationship with another person.
Adopting a Child
Someone adopted a child.
Adoptive Parent
Someone accepted an adoptive parent.
Blessed Night
Someone spent a blissful night together with another person, their affection endless.
Despicable Urge
Someone felt a despicable urge and raped someone.
Blessed with a Child
Someone gave a birth to a child.
Abnormal Child
After three years and six months of pregnancy, someone finally gave birth to...
Miscarriage
Someone's body felt unwell, and fetal qi got disturbed, resulting in a miscarriage.
Learning from a Master
Someone went to a sect to learn from a master...
Joined A Sect
Someone successfully joined a sect.
Appointment
Someone responded to Taiwu's invitation...
Captives Rescued
Someone rescued a friend or a family member from captivity.
Seeking revenge
Someone decided to seek revenge on someone...
Protecting Close Ones
Someone decided to protect a friend or a family member from an attack by someone...
商队动向
某地的商队动向。
Ruthless Natural Disaster
A terrible natural disaster occurred somewhere, causing unnatural death and destroying land!
Martial Arts Tournament
Preparation, holding, and closure of The World Martial Arts Tournament...
Sect Competition
A certain sect is holding a sect competition between their disciples...
Escaping Far Away
A sect dispute broke out in a certain sect, and it seemed to be related to 「Taiwu」...
Treasures from Nature
After a natural disaster, a strange treasure was born in a certain place...
Celebrating Birthdays
Someone's birthday has arrived...
Monster attacks People
Someone got attacked by an outlaw...
Righteous Punishment
Someone got attacked by a righteous warrior...
Animal Attack
Someone got attacked by a wild animal...
Destitution
Some area's Culture decreasing, leaving them unable to provide resource assistance...
Matchmaking Contest
A declining noble is holding a huge matchmaking contest somewhere...
Conducting Matchmaking
The matchmaking contest for a bride prepared by Taiwu is being held!
Power Dissipation
Accumulated power of Taiwu's technique dissipates...
Missing People
People close to Taiwu are missing...
Wedding Ceremony
Taiwu and their beloved one are holding a wedding ceremony...
Divine Dragon's First Appearance
A divine dragon appeared in a certain place, creating clouds and mist, its divine power unrestrained...
Jiao Pond Impoverished
The Jiao raised in Taiwu Village are no longer growing due to a lack of resources in the Jiao Pond...
Growing Jiao Resists
The Jiao raised in Taiwu Village refused to be tamed and escaped from the Jiao Pond...
Rearing Jiao
The various experiences of raising Jiao in Taiwu Village...
Qiuniu's Music
Qiuniu played music with great passion, attracting passers-by to stop and listen...
Yazi's Revenge
Yazi attacked someone...
Chaofeng's Secret Report
Chaofeng shared Secrets with Taiwu...
Pulao's Huge Sound
A strange little thing got into Pulao's mouth...
Suanni's Amusement
Suanni exhaled light smoke and interpreted a martial art book for Taiwu...
Baxia's Treasure Hunt
Baxia dug up a treasure and returned...
Bian's Heavy Gaze
Bian's glare pierces through soul, causing Taiwu to learn someone's confession...
Fuxi's Dance
Fuxi had an enlightenment, and interpreted a fine art book for Taiwu...
Chiwen's Internal Support
Chiwen's free frolicking restored Taiwu's internal energy...
Lifespan Ending
Someone is getting thinner and weaker, seemingly close to death...
Died of Old Age
Someone's lifespan has ended, causing them to peacefully pass away...
Lifespan cut short
Someone's Health got depleted, causing them to depart from this world...
Violent Death
Someone met a violent death in the hands of someone else...
The Great Divide
Someone who knew Taiwu passed away...
Last Farewell
Taiwu saw a deceased person in a dream, showing Taiwu the place of their reincarnation.
Re-entering Reincarnation
Someone failed in reincarnation, and had to find someone else to reincarnate again...
Grave Withered
A certain grave was completely destroyed because it had not been taken care of for a long time...
Break Out from Sword Tomb
A powerful enemy calling themselves "Xiangshu Incarnation" came out of the Sword Tomb near Taiwu Village!
Mysterious bamboo
A purple bamboo appeared near Taiwu Village, growing on a black stone...
Enthralled by Xiangshu
Someone's mind got disturbed by Xiangshu, causing them to act unlike themselves.
Possessed by Xiangshu
Someone succumbed to Xiangshu's evil thoughts, causing them to be in captivity under Xiangshu's spirit.
Stone House Treatment
Demonic people who became Possessed were sent into Taiwu Village's Stone House for imprisonment...
Sudden Insight
While reading a book, Taiwu unexpectedly had a Sudden Insight...
Heavenly Harmony
While cultivating, Taiwu unexpectedly felt a connection with heavens...
The Scroll of Taiwu
Special events and characters of Taiwu...
The Legacy of the Blood Tomb
Special events and characters of Bloodhound Cult...
Both Civil and Valiant
Special events and characters of Lion-Face Clan...
The Hidden White Ape
Special events and characters of Emei Sect...
Wuming's Mythic Poison
Special events and characters of Kongsang Sect...
Turtle and Snake Coiling
Special events and characters of Wudang Sect...
Five Saints Heart Poison
Special events and characters of Five Immortals Cult...
True Scriptures without words
Special events and characters of Vajrayana...
Qinglang Immortal Pavilion
Special events and characters of Ranshan Sect...
Black Owl and White Deer
Special events and characters of Hundred Flowers Valley...
Poison Discard
Someone is suffering from Mangled Tendon poison, causing them to discard items due to pain...
Ferocious Poisoning
Someone is suffering from Corrupted Blood poison, causing a spread of Necrotoxin to other people...
Poison Disfiguration
Someone is suffering from Bone Ulcers poison, causing them to become disfigured...
Ferocious Poison Confuses People
Someone is suffering from Bitter Suffering poison, causing a spread of Oneirotoxin to other people...
Poison Mad
Someone is suffering from Burning Heart poison, causing them to do evil to others...
Legendary Manual appears
Traces of some Legendary Manual appeared, causing countless experts to fight over it...
Precious classic appeared
Someone obtained a long lost Legendary Manual...
Legendary Manual Robbed
Someone challenged another person, and took their Legendary Manual after winning.
Legendary Manual Lost
Someone lost a Legendary Manual, causing it to be lost, its whereabouts unknown...
Left without Goodbye
Someone left Taiwu Village because of a Legendary Manuals...
Enthralled by Legendary Manual
Someone became infatuated with a Legendary Manual, causing them to become Enthralled...
Possessed by Legendary Manual
Someone became intoxicated by a Legendary Manual, causing them to become Possessed...
Fallen Ones
Someone became lost in a Legendary Manual, got engulfed by Xiangshu, and became demonized...
奇书乱世
Some outlaws and righteous warriors got affected by a Legendary Manual, increasing their strength.
Mo Nyu Brings Disaster
Because Mo Nyu was passing somewhere, some place or person suffered a disaster...
Yaochang Brings Disaster
Because Dayue Yaochang was passing somewhere, some place or person suffered a disaster...
Jiu Han Brings Disaster
Because Jiu Han was passing somewhere, some place or person suffered a disaster...
Huang'er Brings Disaster
Because Jin Huang'er was passing somewhere, some place or person suffered a disaster...
Yihou Brings Disaster
Because Yi Yihou was passing somewhere, some place or person suffered a disaster...
Wei Qi Brings Disaster
Because Wei Qi was passing somewhere, some place or person suffered a disaster...
Yi Xiang Brings Disaster
Because Yi Xiang was passing somewhere, some place or person suffered a disaster...
Xue Feng Brings Disaster
Because Xue Feng was passing somewhere, some place or person suffered a disaster...
Shu Fang Brings Disaster
Because Shu Fang was passing somewhere, some place or person suffered a disaster...
Mo Nyu Saves the Suffering
Because Mo Nyu was passing somewhere, someone received help and benefited greatly...
Yaochang Saves the Suffering
Because Dayue Yaochang was passing somewhere, someone received help and benefited greatly...
Jiu Han Saves the Suffering
Because Jiu Han was passing somewhere, someone received help and benefited greatly...
Huang'er Saves the Suffering
Because Jin Huang'er was passing somewhere, someone received help and benefited greatly...
Yihou Saves the Suffering
Because Yi Yihou was passing somewhere, someone received help and benefited greatly...
Wei Qi Saves the Suffering
Because Wei Qi was passing somewhere, someone received help and benefited greatly...
Yi Xiang Saves the Suffering
Because Yi Xiang was passing somewhere, someone received help and benefited greatly...
Xue Feng Saves the Suffering
Because Xue Feng was passing somewhere, someone received help and benefited greatly...
Shu Fang Saves the Suffering
Because Shu Fang was passing somewhere, someone received help and benefited greatly...
Obtained News
Taiwu learned some news...
Obtained Secrets
Taiwu learned some secret...
Secret Spreading
A secret from Taiwu has been spread...
Secret Expired
A secret known by Taiwu expired...
Nest of Beggars
Hearing that Nest of Beggars appeared somewhere...
Camp of Thieves
Hearing that Camp of Thieves appeared somewhere...
Fortress of Robbers
Hearing that Fortress of Robbers appeared somewhere...
Traitor Gang
Hearing that Traitor Gang appeared somewhere...
Villain Valley
Hearing that Villain Valley appeared somewhere...
Aroma Array
Hearing that Aroma Array appeared somewhere...
Mass Grave
Hearing that Mass Grave appeared somewhere...
Talents Residence
Hearing that Talents Residence appeared somewhere...
Otherworldly Cults
Hearing that Otherworldly Cults appeared somewhere, and people are missing...
Shura Trial
Hearing that Shura Trial appeared somewhere, and people are missing...
The Gathering of Demons
Hearing that The Gathering of Demons appeared somewhere, and many possessed people are entering it...
Sect Betrayal
Hearing that Sect Betrayal appeared somewhere, and there's an  apex expert trapped inside of it...
Escaped from Lair
Someone escaped an outlaw lair, barely brushing past death...
Death in a Lair
Someone was trapped in an outlaw lair and couldn't escape, meeting an untimely demise...
Lair demise
Somewhere an outlaw lair withered away...
Resource Growth
A Natural Resource's LVL increased in the Taiwu Village.
Resource Expansion
A Natural Resource in the Taiwu Village grew onto another tile.
Construction Damage
A building in the Taiwu Village suffered damage, causing its LVL to decrease.
Construction Collapse
A building in the Taiwu Village collapsed due to damage, turning into Ruins.
Construction Complete
A building in the Taiwu Village finished constructing.
Expansion Complete
A building in the Taiwu Village finished expanding.
Removal Complete
A building in the Taiwu Village was successfully removed.
Building Harvest
A building in the Taiwu Village has a new harvest.
Dispatch Arrived
A villager that got dispatched from the Taiwu Village arrived to their position.
Outlaw Offering
Taiwu obtained an offering from the outlaws...
Heart Broken and Desperate
Someone is feeling heart-broken leaving Taiwu Village...
Travels to Western Regions
Various experiences of Tea Caravans set out from the Taiwu Village...
Lack of Supplies
The Tea Caravans don't have enough supplies to complete their journey, causing them to die...
Returning with a Festival
After experiencing many tribulations, Tea Caravan successfully returns to the Taiwu Village...
Hazy News
The Tea Caravans lost contact with the Taiwu Village...
Return from the West
The Tea Caravans successfully returned to the Taiwu Village without a hitch...
Spring Fair
Winter goes, and Spring comes, ending the old year. All sorts of merchants gather to organize a lively gatherings.
Town Tournament
During the hottest time of the year, a martial arts competition is being held somewhere, gathering all kinds of people.
Cricket Vibrancy
At the beginning of Autumn, the chirping of crickets can be heard everywhere.
Cricket Conference
The triennial Cricket Conference is being held somewhere!
Art Conference
When the snow and wind is cold, for people's livelihood an Art Conference is held somewhere.
Music Performance
Someone listens to a piece of music played by someone else.
Game Of Chess
Someone talks to someone else about chess.
Poetry Reading
Someone read a literary work written by someone else.
Painting Showcase
Someone looked at a painting that someone else had drawn.
Crafted Treasures
Someone created a rare treasure, and became famous all over the world.
Taoist Enlightenment
Someone tells someone else the mysteries of Taoism, which makes the person enlightened, improving their talent.
Buddhist Enlightenment
Someone tells someone else the mysteries of Buddhism, which makes the person enlightened, improving their talent.
Divination
Someone divined someone else's secret.
New Sect Position
Someone got a new sect position in a certain sect.
New Town Official
Someone became a Village Head, Town Chief, or a Mayor in a certain place.
New Faction Leader
Someone became a leader of a certain faction in a certain sect.
Stolen Resources
Someone tried stealing someone's resources.
Scamming Resources
Someone tried scamming someone for resources.
Robbed Resources
Someone tried robbing someone's resources.
Grave Robbing
Someone tried robbing someone's grave for resources.
Stealing Items
Someone tried stealing someone's items.
Scamming items
Someone tried scamming someone for items.
Robbing Items
Someone tried robbing someone's items.
Grave Robbing Items
Someone tried robbing someone's grave for items.
Stole Life Skill
Someone attempted to stealthily learn someone's fine art.
Scamming Life Skills
Someone attempted to scam a fine art out of someone.
Steal Martial Arts
Someone attempted to stealthily learn someone's martial art.
Swindling Martial Arts
Someone attempted to scam a martial art out of someone.
Gifting Resources
Someone gifted resources to someone.
Gifting Items
Someone gifted items to someone.
Tutoring Life Skills
Someone taught someone a fine art.
Tutoring Martial Arts
Someone taught someone a martial art.
Lucky Valuables
Someone obtained a very rare resource or item by chance.
Lucky Martial Art
Someone obtained a martial art book by chance.
Lucky Fine Art
Someone obtained a fine art book by chance.
Heavenly Miracle
Someone dreamed about a white deer, miraculously healing all kinds of things in their body.
Great Misfortune
Someone lost a very rare item by chance.
Lost Book
Someone lost a book by chance.
Heavenly Punishment
Someone dreamed about horrible demons and evil spirits, receiving all kinds of damage.
Resource Gathering
A natural resource in the Taiwu Village was successfully gathered from.
Following
Someone you're following facing a crisis...
Imprisonment
Something special happening in the prison...
Fu Long turns into a Feather
Special events and characters of Fulong Altar...
Copper Sword Examination
铸剑山庄特殊之人、特殊之事…
扩建搁置
太吾村中的某个建筑持续扩建中断了…
