Word of Past Life
A famous song circulated in Taiwu Village, passed down through the villagers' mouths, old dreams from the past come back to mind...
Word of Past Life is a song... I don't know why, but this song must be connected to you. The melody is long and lingering, filled with feeling of loneliness and fate. The song twist and turns, like a thousand reincarnations, always intertwined. 
Searching the World
A famous piece of music passed down from an unknown place. Nobody knows who composed it, but it has a far-reaching artistic conception and connects with peoples' hearts...
Searching the World... is an overtone of Xiao and Guqin, the two lean against each other, playing sadly. It has a tranquil peace far from this world, and a loneliness of the ages. The longer you listen, the more you feel lost in a divine realm, not knowing from where you came.
Morning Class
A famous song from the Shaolin sect. For hundreds of years, the monks in the temple have heard this song, calmed their minds and forbearance, and devoted themselves to practice...
Morning Classs... Is Solemn but calm with the teaching of buddha. Like hundreds of monks swinging their staff in unison, firm and powerful, the pure righteous qi warding off all evil.
Emei's Foggy Rain
A famous piece of music from the Emei Sect. It is said that this piece of music draws on the strengths of many others, making your ears and eyes clear after listening to it, and it is suitable for meditation...
Emei's Foggy Rain... as the name says, is like the foggy drizzle on Mount Emei, gentle but enduring; Hearing the melody in the second half, instrument in constant flux, painting the picture of a sheet of rain built by droplets, its water nourish all, its gentleness subduing all. 
Flowers
A famous music from Hundred Flowers Valley. The gentle music is warm and soothing...
Flowers... is beautiful and bright, hearing it is to be amongst a beautiful sea of flowers. Wind blows, flower waves, not only relaxes the heart, but all injuries of body feel they would heal in an instant. 
Heavenly Spirit
A famous music from the Wudang Sect, where yin and yang complement each other, the spirit of immortality is strong, and four ounces of movement or stillness can move a thousand pounds...
Heavenly Spirit... has valiant vigor, but also movements and turns, flowing onward. Just like yin and yang amongst the world, two aspect of the Taiji.
Wordless Mantra
A famous music from the Yuanshan Sect. There are no words in the song, but it can calm people's hearts and help people conquer demons and eliminate evil...
Wordless Mantra... though the melody is quiet and relaxed, like the clouds floating amongst the deep mountain; closer listen shows the teaching of buddha within. The heart is still, the mantra without word, purging all evil from this word.
Nine Dances of the Lion
A famous music from Lion-Face Clan, full of passion and excitement, and even more heroic when you strike...
Nine Dances of the Lion... doesn't really have a melody, just the drums and bells of a lion dance, fast and furious, like a storm. Though it makes one hard to hold back joy, one too cannot ignore its power. 
Cloud Embrace Ranshan
A famous music of Ranshan Sect, although it's are very pleasant to the ear, it sound hollow, which makes people think deeply...
Cloud Embrace Ranshan... is otherworldly, its tones in constant flux. As the saying goes, seek not the world but the beyond, all for the freedom of the heart; like the clouds, though they embrace Ranshan, they too may soar into the beyond at any moment...
Shining of a Bright Moon
A famous music from the Xuannyu Sect, with ups and downs of rhythm, cold and graceful, it is hard to distinguish between love and ruthlessness...
Shining of a Bright Moon... I've once played zither upon Mount Xuannyu, and have heard it there. At the moment, I faintly heard the singing of women, pure and gentle, otherworldly and divine. Now I hear it again, I too know that the moon hanging above too have a sense of mercy and love.
Iron Trumpet
A famous music from Sword Manor. Listening to this music is like forging a divine weapon, full of interest...
Iron Trumpet... it sounds like the sound of beating metals. A tone as quick is this, sounds just like an artisan working day and night, pouring all his focus into a divine weapon. The art within is beyond measure...
Snowy Spring
A famous music from the Kongsang Sect. It's like praying for immortality, having nothing else in mind, quietly watching the spring snow melt...
Snowy Spring... is gentle and slow, filled with warmth. The crisp sounds are like the water dropping from that melting snow. The prosody flows gently, like the spring hidden amongst the white snow of Kongsang mountain, a scene of divinity.
Immeasurable Self
A famous music from the Vajrayana, the round sound of Sanskrit chant, although it is a bit weird, it still makes people's hearts feel like gold...
Immeasurable Self... is played with instruments from India, like a song from Tantra, but even more bizarre. Though the sound of Buddha may take up a third of the tone, the rest are inauspicious indeed...
Five Immortals
A famous music from the Five Immortals Cult, the melodious tunes are pleasant to the ears, the seven orifices are exquisite, and you can understand everything with just one hearing...
Five Immortals... is a mix of flute and cucurbits, intertwined like a pair of butterfly, side by side in love. With a song like that, the legendary Miao borders may not only be a land of danger.
Murderous Intent
A famous music from Jieqing Gate. The crisis in the music is hidden and the traces are hidden. When the edge is revealed, you can deal with it calmly...
Murderous Intent... has a mysterious tone, with danger hidden within. Even I cannot help but raise my eyes when hearing this song, not knowing what evil lurk in the shadows, putting myself on guard, just in case...
Volcanic Horn
A famous music from Fulong Altar, listening to it is like being protected by a divine dragon, and the bravery of one's own flesh and blood is added to the body...
Volcanic Horn... is hasty when first heard, and the tone is heavy. The story of this song is like that of a volcano waiting to erupt, without a divine dragon to intervene, a storm cannot halt, a downpour cannot quench.
Blood Sacrifice
A famous piece from the Bloodhound Cult. The music has a terrifying sound, and for some reason, it has a bit of nameless fanaticism...
Blood Sacrifice... is bizarre and chilling, filled with the dreadful taste of blood! Where the song plays, evil must reign, yet when heard closely, a sense of uncertainty and bluff can also be heard within...
9 Layers of Capital's Watchtower
A famous music circulating in the capital, the music sounds together, the golden tower of Qiong Tower appears before your eyes, the world changes, but it remains motionless like a mountain...
9 Layers of Capital's Watchtower... the song is grand, the tone firm and awe inspiring. In the moment, the sound of bell remain, nine layer of walls, the capital of the dynasty, all before your eyes...
Bright Moon on City Walls
A famous music spread in Chengdu, the music is pure and refreshing, just like the bright moon shining on people, it is full of comfort...
Bright Moon on City Walls... sounds otherworldly with a sense of divine, hearing the song is like seeing Chang'e soaring to the moon. Under the moon, the city of brocade lit up like the towers of heaven above. 
Ballad of Mountain and Water
A famous tunes handed down in Guizhou, although one is aware of the vast mountains and rivers, one can see a light boat gracefully gliding away, appearing incredibly carefree...
Ballad of Mountain and Water... is like traveling by boat on River Li, stopping to see that mountain and river, relaxing at ease. The heart drunk amongst the picturesque scene, without realizing that light boat has passed through thousand mountains.
Sunny River
A famous tune passed down in Xiangyang, the tenderness of the Xiang River twists and turns, yet the local ethos values martial prowess. Just like this melody, it retains its elegance while also carrying a resolute spirit...
Sunny River... it carries both the gentle turns of the waters of Xiang, but also the heroic and faithful spirit; Such mix of gentle and firm, love and valor, perfectly depicts the people of Xiangyang. 
Nine-Bend Dragon City
A famous tune passed down in Taiyuan, the ancient city with a rich history, where loyal ministers and righteous heroes abound. This melody serves as a tribute to the brave and unparalleled heroes, their valor soaring like thunderclouds...
Nine-Bend Dragon City... has a deep tone, full of solemn weight. Thousand autumn, the wind of change, all inscribed in the deep feeling within this song. 
Morning Market
A famous tune passed down in Guangzhou, this melody has a light and lively rhythm, reminiscent of playful waves and laughter. It captures the bustling atmosphere of the early market, full of lively and cheerful exchanges...
Morning Market... the flute artfully resonates with the main melody, akin to the voice of people, back and forth. Painting a scene of the busy morning market of Guangzhou, merchant calling out, people wandering and haggling. 
Mountain Forest has Trees
A famous tunes passed down in Qingzhou, the flute notes are interwoven, depicting not only the sounds of mountains and rivers but also capturing the joyful chirping of birds welcoming the morning sunlight...
Mountain Forest has Trees... is crisp but gentle, like the intertwining trees within the mountain, painting an image of a paradise out of this world...
A line of sky
A famous tune passed down in Jiangling, the music starts with a deep and restrained tone, gradually expanding like a tranquil heart. Eventually, it allows one to envision a clear sky like refined silk, with the vastness of the universe unfolding...
A line of sky... filled with a sense of repression, like walking within a valley. The entire song never stops the pleading: Anything to leave the valley and seek the openness beyond...
City of Banyan
A famous tune passed down in Fuzhou, where the banyan trees are lush and provide ample shade over the open hills. Even under the scorching sun, one can feel a serene and tranquil atmosphere, as if inviting a quiet and peaceful state of mind...
City of Banyan... the music flows like a fountain, the melody light and slow, the song must depict a watery and peaceful city, filled with warmth.
Liao River goes East
A famous tune passed down in Liaoyang, this melody carries a solemn and fierce aura, reminiscent of the surging waters of the Liao River flowing relentlessly into the sea, unstoppable in its momentum...
Liao River Goes East... is full of chilling air and sound of marching enemies, whenever one hears it, it is akin to see the setting song leaning against a mountain, the lone crane soar into the distance, and the ten thousand mile of Liao River passes into the east. 
Dance of the West
A famous tune passed down in Qinzhou, the melody is filled with exotic charm, captivating and enchanting, making one feel immersed and carefree as if singing with joy...
Dance of the West... the melody and the music all give a sense of the foreign, the melody is joyful, leaving a strangely interesting charm, most suited for one to dance along in joy. 
Cangshan's Erhai Lake
A famous tune passed down in Dali, the composition is light and carefree throughout, as if having witnessed the worldly troubles yet still finding joy and contentment in the midst of it all...
Cangshan's Erhai Lake... the beat is relaxed, the melody seems determined to be free from worldly restrictions, so that it may wander Cangshan's Erhai Lake. Free and full of joy, makes one cannot help but wishing to play along...
Sound of Forest
A famous tune passed down in Shouchun, this melody starts with a subtle restraint, and the more one listens in tranquility, the more it feels gracefully melodious, creating a sense of calm and serenity...
Sound of Forest... at first, the music feels tense, like the startled bird, fleeing in flight. The song then leads one into the beauty within the forest, the melody is gentle and lingering, like one drunken amongst the mountain and trees.
Midnight of West Lake
A famous tune passed down in Hangzhou, the sounds of the qin and flute are elegant and lingering, much like being in the moonlit West Lake, with painted boats and wine in tow...
Midnight of West Lake... the tone is long and tender, meant to depict the night of West Lake, the night wind gently blows, the sound of Xiao fades, despite the gentleness of the song, there are no sense of loneliness within.
Sound of Jiangnan
A famous tune passed down in Yangzhou, the sounds of the sheng and songs are lively and bustling, depicting the spring scenery of Jiangnan. Each note carries a hint of subtle emotion, creating a yearning in the hearts of those who listen...
Sound of Jiangnan... is like the beautiful light of spring, telling a story of fragrance; hearing it is like seeing that willow reflecting off the jade waves, flower keeping the bees and butterflies, leaving one's mind drunk with comfort.
Old Capital's Legacy
A famous tune passed down in the suburbs of Beijing, it is said to be composed by the descendants of a noble family. It is scored with the grand tones of Huangzhong Dulu and the golden sounds of Yuzhen. This composition vividly expresses the rise and fall, the ebb and flow of fortunes...
Old Capital's Legacy... though this song is solemn, it too hides a hint at the changing of the world. Through the rise and fall of the song, one can feel the length and weight of history, leaving one in afterthought. 
Deep Valley Cloister
A famous tune passed down in Bashu, every traveler can't help but sigh at the challenging and winding paths of the Shu roads. It instills a determination in them to overcome the difficulties of the Shu roads...
Deep Valley Cloister... has a melody full of depth, like a traveler walking within a valley, and a uniform prosody that connects and repeats; it sounds just like the mountain path of Shu, twisting and turning, leaving the careless lost in an instant. Not knowing from where they came, to where they go. 
Hymn of Thousand Mountains
A famous tune passed down in Guangnan, drifting on a boat over the Li River, listening to the boatman sing this melody, the echoes linger ceaselessly between the mountains along the riverbanks...
Hymn of Thousand Mountains... the sound of Pipa are like the mountains, the sound of flute like the flowing water, the sound of the song like the land of Guangnan. Mountain ranges, many rivers, side by side, going on and on...
Melody of the Great River
A famous tune passed down in the northern part of Jing, the melody creates a vast and distant landscape, as if sitting atop a high tower, overlooking the river flowing endlessly, tumultuous and ceaseless...
Melody of the Greet River... first paint a great scene of the roaring river, it start from still, but by the time the great drum beat to the tune of forges, the greatness of the river is clear for all to see...
Drunk Amongst Gorges
A famous tune passed down in Shanxi, whenever wandering heroes traverse the wilderness, accompanied by the fierce northern wind and strong liquor, singing this melody, a sense of boldness and heroism is immediately invoked...
Drunk Amongst Gorges... you hear the sound of xiao rise and fall, like the mountain range, one after one. We are all but traveler, intoxicated in traveling within...
Underneath Mountain of Cloud
A famous tune passed down in Guangdong, this melody is greatly favored by traveling merchants. Within the music, there are continuous mountains by the sea, portraying a bustling scene of human activity...
Underneath Mountain of Cloud... the melody longingly depicts scene of nature, the zheng and drum adds a flavor of ordinary life. Listening carefully, you see men and nature side by side, people coming and going, a scene of prosperity appears before your eyes.
Return to Forest
A famous tune passed down in Shandong, in ancient times, there were wise scholars who, having experienced the vicissitudes of the world, attained true enlightenment. Eventually, they returned to the tranquility of the forest and springs, leaving behind this melody for the people...
Return to Forest... the flute is agile and quick, the melody excited and lovable, like the chirp of bird inviting you to return to the forest, soaring amongst the rising mountains.
Elegy of Chu's Water
A famous tune passed down in the southern part of Jing, in ancient times, women from the Xiang region, overwhelmed with yearning, would stroll by the water's edge, singing this melody to express the sorrows and worries in their hearts...
Elegy of Chu's Water...the song has a slow melody, as tender as the autumn water. As the divine maiden disappears from the shore of River Xiang, leaving only the hallow music to speak of the longing that remains.
Tide Song
A famous tune passed down in Fujian, it is like listening to the ebb and flow of the sea tide at night. Sometimes surging close, sometimes receding into the distance, it carries away myriad thoughts and distractions...
The Tide Song...the tone shifts often, sound of many instrument rise and falls, just like the sound of tide heard from the coast. At the end, a great tide rises out of the songs, only to retreat once more, leaving one mesmerized. 
Cloud of Heavenly Lake
A famous tune passed down in Liaodong, listening to it is akin to witnessing the atmosphere of the heavenly lake, shrouded in clouds and mist. The path ahead appears hazy, inviting one to explore further...
Cloud of Heavenly Lake...the song is surreal and transient, yet also calming. As the name says, hearing the song puts layers of cloud before your eyes, gently flowing around the realm of Heavenly Lake.
Guest
A famous tune passed down in the Western Regions, originally the music of the nomadic people beyond the frontier, welcoming guests with joy. The gathering is lively, filled with exotic songs and dances, a continuous exchange of farewells and greetings...
Guest...The song have a unique tone, filled with the style of an exotic region. The saying goes... with guest from afar, there must be beautiful wines, hearing this song, how can one not look to the beauty of the west?
Hundred Li of Morning Clouds
A famous tune passed down in Yunnan, its tones and scales inherit the style of the Miao people, distinct from those in Han regions but possessing a unique charm that is passed down through generations...
Hundred Li of Morning Clouds...mostly uses exotic musical instruments from the Miao region, which provides a fresh feeling for new listeners, and the melody is long and beautiful. Though rumors speaks of the south-west as monstrous and strange, hearing this song, one cannot help but think Yunan may be a divine realm after all. 
Village by the Forest
A famous tune passed down in Huainan, this melody is serene and subdued, akin to reclining in seclusion in a solitary village, gazing at the peaks to calm the heart, renouncing worldly affairs from that moment on...
Village by the Forest...This song is easy going and relaxed, devoid of worldly troubles. It takes one who is free from all burdens, one who walks amongst the mountain and rivers at all times to create this feeling...
Autumn Water at Dusk
A famous tune passed down in Jiangnan, as the evening sun reflects on the water and the shadows of the mulberry trees lengthen with the dusk, it feels like listening to the calls of birds coming and going, bringing a sense of tranquility and peace to the heart and mind...
Autumn Water at Dusk...the song is filled with a thousand tender emotions, one can feel the prosody and the overtone of the flute and the zheng. It paints the beautiful at sunset, much like the autumn water of Jiangnan, gentle but moving. 
Travel the Countryside
A famous tune passed down in Jiangbei, the lively musical notes in the melody are akin to the playful clapping and laughter of celestial beings, enticing listeners to join in and wander through the countryside...
The song Travel the Countryside...
Has a melody crisp as the flowing water, with a refined joy.
As travelling through the shade of trees,  the dirt path twist and turns, from the green forest it comes, into the green forest it goes.
