Wildling
There are long forests and rich grass in my heart, I am willing to be a man of the mountains and forests, there is no need to worry about being poor, as I am a guest of the disheveled woods...
Hunter
Beasts walk in front of me, birds play by my side, everything in the forest and ravine is for my use, the sky is wide and the earth is wide enough for me to swim...
Craftsman
I am a master of the fine arts, capable of myriads of miracles. I am a good craftsman, capable of making all kinds of materials show their full abilities...
Martial Artist
Strength can pull mountains and rivers, energy can swallow thousands of miles, spring and autumn will not feel hurt, chivalry can flow freely...
Educated Person
There are squares and circles between the lines, pearls and jade in the words, frosty bones in the article, ambitions turn into grandswans...
Taoist Priest
The mysteries of the heavens are wonderful, and it is not easy to know with the king. You can see the sun, the moon, and the universe, and it is rare to be a pure and empty fairy bone...
Eminent Monk
Thousands of voices of Buddha, ten thousand sticks of incense, so that a pure heart can be born, with a Buddha field without appearance in the heart, and the adornment of Bodhi in the eyes...
Generous Guest
Drinking the Milky Way for nine thousand miles, drinking while talking about the sword is even more drunk, the joys and sorrows of life and death are insignificant, and the joy of drinking is like a song...
Noble
When a gentleman cultivates his body, he will be famous and self-exalting. Counting the romantic figures in the jade hall, the air bank is far away, and he should look at the present...
Beggar
When the broken bowls are clattering across the streets and alleys, I would rather be a beggar than a rich family of rotten farms...
Civilian
Neighborhood and peace are the most precious, day and night, four o'clock, the so-called country and country are exactly where the common people are located...
Traveler
If you want to invite cross-roads to close mountains and moons, meet rivers and willows in the south of the Yangtze River, travelers who travel thousands of miles across rivers and mountains, a floating canopy on the way of Xiuhai and Sichuan...
Wandering Monk
Where can there be no meditation on a journey of thousands of miles? Realize that the mortal world is a wild monk, worship the Buddha of mercy and kindness in the world...
Doctor
A good prescription cures a hundred diseases, a wonderful technique changes life and death, has the common people in mind, and dares to fight Yan Luo for his life...
Wandering Taoist
In the mountains or in the morning market, where is there no way of heaven? In order to obtain the secrets of longevity, wandering Taoists wander leisurely around the world...
Rich Merchant
There is no need to hide wealth and honor, to seek profit and to be magnanimous, to hold a cornucopia of treasures in your hands, to sell the sun, the moon, and the universe...
Honorable Guest
I have a cup of nectar, and I am a quiet guest on the seat. I only know that the vulgar and brute people don’t know the wonders of life. Tea friends and poets are my friends...
Royal
Being as noble as a tripod, as powerful as Ming Dynasty's honor, Qian Li dared not speak freely, but I went to the blue sky alone...
