Sharpened Edge
You've sharpened yourself by subduing tigers and dragons...\nYou often fought bears and tigers in the Deep Valley, causing your Strength to be far above ordinary people.\nIncreases your base Strength to at least 70.
Rapid from Danger
You've become fast from experiencing matters of life and death...\nYou've learned to be vigilant towards all kinds of dangers when you were growing in the Deep Valley, causing your Agility to be far above ordinary people.\nIncreases your base Agility to at least 70.
Comfort in Bitter Cold
You found comfort in bitter cold, obtaining heart capable of enduring...\nA lonely childhood made your heart as calm as a lake, causing your Willpower to be far above ordinary people.\nIncreases your base Willpower to at least 70.
Pure Like Nature
Pure and honest, resembling the nature itself...\nYou lived a simple and natural life in the Deep Valley since you were a child, causing your Constitution to be far above ordinary people.\nIncreases your base Constitution to at least 70.
Adaptable to Change
Adaptable to change, sheds their mortal body...\nYou often practiced in strange places in the Deep Valley, causing your Vitality to be far above ordinary people.\nIncreases your base Vitality to at least 70.
Think in Peace
Think in peace to understand oneself...\nBecause of your lonely childhood, you had more time to think, causing your Comprehension to be far above ordinary people.\nIncreases your base Comprehension to at least 70.
A Secret Friend
Secret friends in the valley, childhood sweethearts...\nYou have a secret best friend who's inseparable from you.\nYou gain a loyal starting party member of the opposite gender with the same standpoint as you and positive traits.
Narcissus in Dream
For a dreamland visitor, appearance is not important...\nYou have a unique charm. It seems like everyone has seen you in their dreams, causing your appearance to no longer be important.\nYou receive a "Narcissus in Dream" trait that greatly increases your Charm. This trait will always be inherited by your children.
White Forehead Snake
Spiritual snake with a white forehead, spiritual becomes real...\nOne time you've played with a white-headed spiritual snake in the Deep Valley, and since then you've been impervious to all kinds of poisons.\nYou receive a "White Forehead Snake" trait that greatly increases your Poison Resistance. This trait will always be inherited by your children.
Consumed Herbs and Jade
Consuming herbs and jade will make you transcend the ordinary...\nOne time you've consumed many immortal herbs and spiritual jades, causing you to not only be extremely talented, but also to have a much longer lifespan than ordinary people.\nYou will receive a "Consumed Herbs and Jade" trait that greatly increases your maximum Lifespan, and gives you 3 extra Nadis slots. This trait will always be inherited by your children.
East and West Collection
Search east and west, and gather a collection...\nYou've spent many years collecting all sorts of resources.\nYou start with 1000 of each type of resources.
Ten Pieces Of Gold
Ten pieces of gold, can be used for child's play...\nYou have ten pieces of gold that other children confused with stones and used them to play.\nYour starting Money increases from 1000 to 10000.
Brocade Of Swaddle
Clothes are woven, yet they're still warm...\nAs an infant you've been swaddled in two bloody clothes. Perhaps those are remnants of your father and mother. Those clothes are still well preserved in your warehouse.\nYou start with two t5 clothes, "Shirt" and an "Embroidery clothing".
Cinnamon and Pepper Wine
Cinnamon and pepper wine becomes more fragrant with age...\nYour warehouse contains several earthen jars of fine wine that you've once found in a dusty cellar at the back of a mountain.\nYou start with several jars of t6-t5 wine.
Riding Horse to Test a Sword
Riding horse to test a sword, raising it into a mighty steed...\nYou have a horse that you've personally raised into a fine steed.\nYou start with a t5 horse mount.
Mud-sealed Ancient Jar
Mud-sealed ancient jar hides a pearl...\nYour warehouse contains a cricket jar that was sealed in the dirt for decades.\nYou start with a t4 Dark Jade cricket jar.
Weird Things in a Strange Cave
Weird things in a strange cave, the color of those who smell it changes...\nYour warehouse contains several weird and exotic poisonous grasses and insects that you've found in a mysterious cave.\nYou start with various t4 poison materials.
Drugs from a Dusty Furnace
Drugs from a dusty furnace, and a floating green pellet...\nYour warehouse contains several medicines of all shapes and colors that you've found in a buried medicinal furnace.\nYou start with various t4 medicines.
Family Treasure
A family treasure of the utmost importance...\nYour warehouse contains a family heirloom passed on to you by your parents.\nYou start with a random improved t1 Accessory.
Record of a Golden Age
Record of a golden age, many things waiting to be done...\nYou still remember the legends about the once prosperous world that you heard when you were young, and you can't help but to yearn for them.\nIncreases the building limit of the Taiwu Village by 20.
The Four Arts
Knowing the four arts makes you multi-talented...\nYour talent in Music, Chess, Literature, and Painting is extraordinary.\nIncreases your talent in Music, Chess, Literature, and Painting to at least 70.
Following Nature
Follow the nature and it will show you the path...\nYour talent in Buddhism, Taoism, Appreciation, and Culinary Arts is extraordinary.\nIncreases your talent in Buddhism, Taoism, Appreciation, and Culinary Arts to at least 70.
Curing People and Divining Stars
Curing people and divining stars, both require knowledge of the yin yang and the five elements...\nYour talent in Medicine, Toxicology, Astrology, and Lore is extraordinary.\nIncreases your talent in Medicine, Toxicology, Astrology, and Lore to at least 70.
Creativity
Heaven creates things, and the fire of knowledge is passed from one generation to another...\nYour talent in Smithing, Carpentry, Gemcutting, and Weaving is extraordinary.\nIncreases your talent in Smithing, Carpentry, Gemcutting, and Weaving to at least 70.
Potential Radiance
Potential Radiance - Increases your Success Rate for breakthroughs in the Artistic and Crafting Talents, +20 points of Patience and Fortitude. 
Convergence Of Sharp Blade
Convergence of sharp blade - Increases your Success Rate for breakthroughs for Combat and Inner Art Skills, +20 points of Patience and Fortitude. 
Treasure From Nature
Treasure from nature - You start with some Grade 3 raw materials. 
Prepare Your Tools
Prepare your tools - You start with some random Grade 4 tools. 
Superhuman Gifts
Superhuman gifts - Increase your talent for InnerArts, Stunts, and Footwork skills. 
Ancient Grave
Ancient Grave - You transcribed a secret book from an ancient grave, you gain a Super Grade 3 skill book. 
