Sink Qi to Dantian
Gain Internal Energy equivalent to 100% of the monthly Cultivation.
I can vaguely feel a strand of warm qi rising in my dantian, it is very relaxing...
Five Qi Control
Shift Five Internal Elements equivalent to 100% of the monthly Cultivation.
"Human body has five internal organs that create five qi"...\nIf you properly control and coordinate the five elements of qi, your internal organs will naturally be in good health...
Clearing Meridians
Gain Circulation True Qi equivalent to 100% of the monthly Cultivation.
Unblocking meridians and removing impurities will allow True Qi to flow unimpeded...
Opening Sea of Qi
Gain Internal Energy ranging from 50% to 150% of the monthly Cultivation.
The sea of qi opens up, and my internal energy is like a hundred rivers returning to the sea, converging in one spot for me to use...
Adjust Form to Awaken Qi
Shift Five Internal Elements ranging from 50% to 150% of the monthly Cultivation.
"Use thoughts to guide form, use form to pull qi, and use qi to nourish form"...\nI should take care of my inner organs in order to keep the five qi unobstructed...
Qi Passes Head
Gain Circulation True Qi ranging from 50% to 150% of the monthly Cultivation.
Gathering Qi and concentrating it, making it enter through the top of the head and fill the entire body.\nThis might benefit my True Qi...
Filling Eight Veins
Consume extra Internal Energy to gain Internal Energy equivalent to 200% of the monthly Cultivation.
"Use acupoints to open meridians, and use meridians to open veins"...\nWhen veins and qi are interconnected, the qi and blood will naturally be full, causing internal energy to be abundant...
Washing Muscles and Bones
Consume extra Internal Energy to shift Five Internal Elements equivalent to 200% of the monthly Cultivation.
The flow of the five elements of qi is unending, as if water washing over the limbs and bones...\nIn the long term, you will be healthy and fit, with a flexible physique...
True Qi Surging
Consume extra Internal Energy to gain Circulation True Qi equivalent to 200% of the monthly Cultivation.
True Qi drumming throughout the body, just like a raging wave hitting a shore, tumultuously rushing forth to surge...
Unending Flow
Increases the amount of Internal Energy gained from Cultivation.
"Dantian is like a sea, and meridians are like rivers"...\nWhen rivers flow smoothly, internal energy will naturally increase as it flows endlessly...
Unblock Meridians
Increases the amount of Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation.
Unblock the closed meridians, to improve blood circulation.\nClearing your meridians just like clearing silt from canals is beneficial to nourishing five elements...
Nourish Qi Through Spirit
Increases the amount of Circulation True Qi gained from Cultivation.
"If the spirit doesn't wander outwardly, the qi will naturally be stable"...\nThe stronger the spirit, the more true qi will grow...
Continuous Breath
Randomly increases the amount of Internal Energy gained from Cultivation.
A mind as clear as water. without any distracting thoughts.\nInner breath grows like a stream, continuous and inexhaustible...
Relaxing Breath
Randomly increases the amount of Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation.
Meditate and stop thinking, rest and recuperate.\nWith each breath, the qi of the five elements will flow smoother...
Using Meridians
Randomly increases the amount of Circulation True Qi gained from Cultivation.
"The twelve regular meridians are like rivers, and the eight extraordinary meridians are like lakes"...\nThe lakes store water, causing true qi to gradually grow...
Clouds Rising
Consume extra Internal Energy to greatly increase the amount of Internal Energy gained from Cultivation.
The warm flow in my body is like clouds rising and spring water rushing.\nIt's clear that I'm using my internal energy to stimulate and guide the qi...
Heavenly Harmony
Consume extra Internal Energy to greatly increase the amount of Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation.
"Heaven and man are in harmony, just like the union of yin and yang"...\nUsing internal energy to guide the flow of five qi is just like teaching a small fish to swim in the water...
Clear Mind
Consume extra Internal Energy to greatly increase the amount of Circulation True Qi gained from Cultivation.
"Purify your mind and nourish your qi, and your qi will grow refined and spiritual"...\nUsing your internal energy to guide the qi circulation, just like overflowing water, receive and send as you wish...
Metal Qi
If during Cultivation practitioner's Internal Element is a non-conflicting "Metal", the practitioner's Internal Element will no longer change.
Gather the metal qi in your lungs with your western soul and yield and change like metal in order to harmonize your breath...
Wood Qi
If during Cultivation practitioner's Internal Element is a non-conflicting "Wood", the practitioner's Internal Element will no longer change.
Gather the wood qi in your liver with your eastern soul, and bend and strengthen like wood in order to conceal your eyes...
Water Qi
If during Cultivation practitioner's Internal Element is a non-conflicting "Water", the practitioner's Internal Element will no longer change.
Gather the water qi in your kidneys with your northern soul, and moisten and descend like water in order to concentrate your hearing...
Fire Qi
If during Cultivation practitioner's Internal Element is a non-conflicting "Fire", the practitioner's Internal Element will no longer change.
Gather the fire qi in your heart with your southern soul, and flame upwards like fire in order to silence your tongue...
Earth Qi
If during Cultivation practitioner's Internal Element is a non-conflicting "Earth", the practitioner's Internal Element will no longer change.
Gather the earth qi in your spleen with your central soul, and sow and reap like earth in order to unite your limbs...
Hunyuan Qi
If during Cultivation practitioner's Internal Element is a non-conflicting "Hunyuan", the practitioner's Internal Element will no longer change.
Gather the qi of yin and yang, and mix and change in order to realize the true form...
Earth to Metal
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Earth" to "Metal" shift.
"Transform earth into qi, and pass it through Taiyin meridian to produce metal"...\nIf you draw qi from spleen into your lungs, it might just...
Water to Metal
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Water" to "Metal" shift.
"Shaoyin meridian produces water, and returns qi to Taiyin meridian"...\nIf you draw qi from kidneys into your lungs, it might just...
Wood to Metal
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Wood" to "Metal" shift.
"Yin and yang counteract each other, and metal and wood exchange with each other"...\nIf you draw qi from liver into your lungs, it might just...
Water to Wood
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Water" to "Wood" shift.
"Transform water into qi, and pass it through Jueyin meridian to produce wood"...\nIf you draw qi from kidneys into your liver, it might just...
Fire to Wood
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Fire" to "Wood" shift.
"Shaoyin meridian produces fire, and returns qi to Jueyin meridian"...\nIf you draw qi from heart into your liver, it might just...
Earth to Wood
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Earth" to "Wood" shift.
"Yin and yang counteract each other, and earth and wood exchange with each other"...\nIf you draw qi from spleen into your liver, it might just...
Metal to Water
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Metal" to "Water" shift.
"Transform metal into qi, and pass it through Shaoyin meridian to produce water"...\nIf you draw qi from lungs into your kidneys, it might just...
Wood to Water
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Wood" to "Water" shift.
"Jueyin meridian produces wood, and returns qi to Shaoyin meridian"...\nIf you draw qi from liver into your kidneys, it might just...
Fire to Water
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Fire" to "Water" shift.
"Yin and yang counteract each other, and water and fire exchange with each other"...\nIf you draw qi from heart into your kidneys, it might just...
Wood to Fire
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Wood" to "Fire" shift.
"Transform wood into qi, and pass it through Shaoyin meridian to produce fire"...\nIf you draw qi from liver into your heart, it might just...
Earth to Fire
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Earth" to "Fire" shift.
"Taiyin meridian produces earth, and returns qi to Shaoyin meridian"...\nIf you draw qi from spleen into your heart, it might just...
Metal to Fire
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Metal" to "Fire" shift.
"Yin and yang counteract each other, and metal and fire exchange with each other"...\nIf you draw qi from lungs into your heart, it might just...
Fire to Earth
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Fire" to "Earth" shift.
"Transform fire into qi, and pass it through Taiyin meridian to produce earth"...\nIf you draw qi from heart into your spleen, it might just...
Metal to Earth
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Metal" to "Earth" shift.
"Taiyin meridian produces metal, and returns qi to Taiyin meridian"...\nIf you draw qi from lungs into your spleen, it might just...
Water to Earth
Consume extra Internal Energy to replace the original Five Internal Elements shifting from Cultivation to a fixed "Water" to "Earth" shift.
"Yin and yang counteract each other, and water and earth exchange with each other"...\nIf you draw qi from kidneys into your spleen, it might just...
Stabilize Mind
Remove the effects that were already active during Cultivation, and restore a certain amount of Willpower based on the number of eliminated effects.
"Eliminate confusions and return to the true state of mind"...\nNow that the unstable qi has completely dissipated, my mind is much more stable...
Return to Origin
Remove the effects that were already active during Cultivation.
Purify your body and mind, return to your true self, and everything will return to its original state...
