Ponder with Recital
Increase the study progress of this chapter.
“Focus on one thing, recite it with your mouth and heart”\nWhat you say with your mouth and what you think in your heart, you will never forget...
Lost in meditation
Improve the study efficiency this chapter.
Is this what the chapter means？Well...Or like this？Umm...\nHuh？How come I am standing here？
Unique Insights
Randomly increase the study progress of this chapter.
The chapter does give some brilliant ideas, but from my point of view it may not be that flawless...
Wonderful ideas
Randomly improve the study efficiency this chapter.
“A fishing boat with two children, sitting in the boat with their boats closed。\nStrange life without rain are open umbrella, not to cover the head is to make the wind.”
Pretend to understand
The study strategies that were already placed on this page to increase study progress are activated again.
This article has a deep meaning and is quite difficult to understand. \nBut if you follow the previous articles for interpretation, nothing can go wrong...
Follow the instructions
The study strategies that are placed on this chapter to improve the study efficiency are twice as effective.
Well... according to the book, is this what this sentence means?\nThat's really good...
Take notes
Lose additional durability of this book to significantly increase the study progress of this chapter.
“The magic of a man's pen, every word is a gem”...\nThis should be the finishing touch...
Savor fine writing
Lose additional durability of this book to significantly increase the study efficiency of this chapter.
This article is the essence of the whole text，you have to savor it carefully...
Review the Old
If this chapter is completed, it will increase study progress of the next chapters that aren't Lost.
“Study and learn at the same time, review the old and know the new”...
Comprehensive Study
If this chapter is completed, it will increase study efficiency of the next chapters that aren't Lost.
If this article can be compared with the other articles, I'm sure it'll be clearer.
Be dilligent
Significantly increase the study progress of this chapter.
“Excellence in work is only possible with diligence, not with playfulness.”...\nDon't be half-hearted...
Focus on reading
Significantly improve the study efficiency of this chapter.
“Three hundred words at a glance，my eyes are still clear"...
Recitation
The cost of Comprehension when using study strategies on this chapter are reduced by 10 points, but this chapter cannot gain experience.
“Teach according to the material，Adapt to the time of year”...\nAnd you can get twice the result with half the effort...
Extrapolation
The cost of Comprehension when using study strategies on this chapter are reduced by 10 points
So... that's how it is...\nWith this as a solution，despite taking one step forward and one step back, i can achieve speedy enlightenment...
Breaking down
Eliminate all study strategies used on this chapter and restore a certain amount of Comprehension based on the eliminated study strategies.
The words on this page... Are food for my brain!\nLet me break down what's written in this article, word by word...
Reflect and Ruminate
Eliminate all study strategies used on this chapter.
After reading a book a hundred times, its meaning becomes clear to you...
Gulp Down
This chapter will not be studied, but it reduces the study efficiency of subsequent chapters.
I’ll just put it aside for the moment and move on to the next one...
Wisdom of Ignorance
This chapter will not be studied.
This chapter seems paradoxical, hard to interpret in a moment\nBetter to memorize the essentials first, as it helps with literacy at least, if not with comprehension...
Adoptive Father's Notes
Increase the study progress of《The Impact》taught by my Adoptive Father.
“This article has been explained in detail by my adoptive father，it's mysteries are naturally visible to me...”
