《Five Songs by Cai Yong》
The Cai's five" by the Eastern Han Dynasty Cai Yong, a total of five songs: the mountain of the East Qu, there are often immortals swim, so the "spring"; South Qu has a stream, winter and summer often strain, so the "strain of water"; in the song is the old residence of Mr. Guigu, deep and quiet, so the "quiet residence"; North Qu high rock, the apes and birds set, feeling things sad sitting, so the "sitting sorrow"; West Qu irrigate the autumn, so the "autumn thoughts".
《Music Theory》
The Treatise on Music was written by Xunzi in the Warring States to refute Mozi's "Non-Music". Although this treatise is not a score, it discusses in detail the influence of music on the human heart, arguing that "music in peace is the people's harmony and not flow, music in solemnity is the people's Qi and not chaos, music in demonism is the people's evil and heart lust ......"
《Eighteen Songs of a Nomad Flute》
"In my dream, I have greeted Cai Wenji, and I have passed on my clothes at midnight, so don't play the swan to the poet, so that I won't bother waving tears at you". Eighteen beats of Hu Jia is the end of the Han Dynasty Cai Wenji, because the sound of the zither fusion of the mournful sound of Hu Jia, and a total of eighteen chapters, a chapter for a beat, so the name "Hu Jia eighteen beats".
《The Stories of Lute》
The "Miscellaneous Records of the Music House" was written by Duan Anjie in the Tang Dynasty. It contains detailed records of the music system of the Tang dynasty, songs and dances, musical instruments and songs, anecdotes and the origin of words and tunes, etc., and is more detailed than the "Records of the Church Workshop" of the Tang dynasty.
《Stone Hill Tune·Orchid》
"The ancient song in the zither is a quiet orchid. I would like to have my body and mind in peace, but I can't play it myself as well as listening to others". It is said that Confucius wrote this piece when he was traveling around the world and saw the lush orchids and weeds in the valley.
《Ode on Guangling》
The song "Guangling San", also known as "Nie Zheng Stabbing King Han", tells the story of Nie Zheng, a warrior of the Warring States, who avenged his father's death. According to legend, this song was given to JI Kang by an old man when he was playing in Luo Xi. Later, Jikang was killed because of slander, and before his execution, he asked for his zither to play it, and after the song, he said with a long sigh, "The song "Guangling San" is now extinct!
《The Gossamer Song》
"There are thousands of songs and dances, but the neon dance is my favorite. The "Neishang Songbook", also known as "Neishang Yuyi Song", was written by Emperor Xuanzong of Tang Dynasty who longed for the fairies and imagined seeing them. This songbook is a great achievement of Tang song and dance, when playing, the sound floats with the wind, or condensed or scattered; like a fairy in the mortal world, floating with the momentum of flying cranes.
《The Dunhuang Song》
The "Dunhuang Songbook" is hidden in the Mogao Caves in Dunhuang, where only ancient copies have been handed down to the world. The score is divided into twenty-five sections, and is known as the "Heavenly Book of Music" because it is written in an ancient and difficult way that few people can understand.
《Zitherpedia》
The "Qin Cao" was written by Cai Yong in the Eastern Han Dynasty, and is a valuable collection of many qin songs, song quotes, musical legends, and lyrics. There are five poems, nine quotations, twelve exercises and more than twenty miscellaneous songs from the river.
《Ten Techs of Go Chess》
The Ten Rules of Weiqi is written by Wang Jixie, a great player of Tang Dynasty. Although it is only 40 words, it tells all the principles of Weiqi. The ten rules are: Do not be greedy for victory, enter the boundary slowly, attack the other side and take care of me, give up the pieces and compete for the first place, give up the small and take the big, give up in case of danger, be careful not to move lightly and quickly, move accordingly, protect yourself if you are strong, and take peace if you are lonely.
《Thirteen Chapters about Go Chess》
The book "Thirteen Essays on Chess" was written by Zhang Bei, a chess player in the Song Dynasty. In the book, there are not only many subtle discussions such as "There are moves that do not go, and those that do not go down", "There are first and after, and after and first", "There are those who start with less and end with more, and those who start near and end with far", but also "Everyone can recite the Thirteen Articles". It is also known as "everyone can recite the 13 Psalms".
《The Dunhuang Chess Manual》
The Dunhuang Chess Sutra, formerly known as the Chess Sutra, is hidden in the Mogao Caves in Dunhuang and was written by a Northern Zhou chess master. This book is divided into four parts, with four different sections, and has a chess chart with thirteen Han diagrams and twenty-four Wu diagrams. The text is simple and difficult to understand, and the theory of chess is mysterious and unique.
《A Blind Chess Play at Night》
The so-called "old woman spectrum", is said to be the Tang Dynasty, the great national player Wang Jixie a time to stay in an old woman's home, listen to the old woman and her daughter-in-law in the night verbal game, not only brilliant moves, and unique intention, so secretly into the score, passed on to the "old woman spectrum".
《The Essence of Go Chess》
The book is the first of three treatises in the "Five Assignments and Three Discourses" of Go. This book corroborates the rise and fall of various dynasties and generations with the theory of Go, and believes that Go contains the theory of governance and the function of cultivating the body and nourishing the mind. Once this book was published, Go flourished and Bodao declined, which can be regarded as a divine stroke for the rise of Go.
《The Forgetting Sorrow Chess Book》
"Forgetting sorrow and happiness is in the chess game". This book is divided into four parts, which was written by Li Yimin, a chess player in the Song Dynasty. This book is a collection of the essence of many chess manuals and scriptures; it also contains more than fifty diagrams of famous chess players; it has records of all the moves and positions of the edges and corners, which is a masterpiece of the Weiqi canon.
《A Chess Play over Decades》
There is a saying: "Lizao tries to specialize in sitting, idle desire rotten ke". Legend has it that there was a man named Wang Qi in the Jin Dynasty who went into the mountains to cut firewood and saw some children playing chess, so he went up to watch them.
《Eighteen Metamorphoses of Golden Roc》
The book "18 Variations of Golden Pang" was written by an ancient unknown chess master. It is a book of infinite mysteries, with the variation of the artillery game, and the ingeniousness of the screened knight; as the foundation of chess technique, it is not only highly respected by later players, but also quoted in many chess books, and is the golden rule of chess.
《A Chess Play by Li Mountain Fairy》
The "Blood Vomiting Recipe" is handed down from the immortal leader of Mount Li. According to the legend, Liu Zhongfu, a great master of the Song Dynasty, once laughed at a country girl playing chess at the foot of Mount Li, but was unexpectedly defeated by the girl with 120 moves and vomited blood. Since then, these 120 moves have been called the "Blood Vomiting Game".
《The Primary Anthology》
The book is divided into twenty-four parts with three hundred and thirteen subheadings. This book is based on the works of the scriptures and sons, poems and fugue of the past dynasties and the early Tang Dynasty, and is used for the king and sons to check the matters when they write.
《The Rhyme Book by Li Yu》
The Rhyming Pairs of the Kasai Weng" covers the real and imaginary responses of astronomy, geography, flowers and trees, birds and animals, people and artifacts. From single-word pairs to double-word pairs, three-word pairs, five-word pairs, seven-word pairs to eleven-word pairs, the sound and rhyme are harmonious and catchy, which is a general knowledge for children's enlightenment.
《Thr Calligraphy Introduction》
Shujian Liezhuan", also known as "Shujian", is a treatise on calligraphy, written by Zhang Huaiguan of the Tang Dynasty. This book is divided into three volumes: the upper volume lists ten types of literary styles, each describing their origins and adding praise; the middle and lower volumes are divided into three categories of gods, wonders, and can, recording the ancient book of eighty-six people, each listed in the biography; the appendix of the biography, and thirty-eight people, cited in a wide range of anecdotes, quite anonymous.
《The Calligraphy Book》
Hanmo Zhi" is also called "Book Review" and "Gaozong Hanmo Zhi", which was written by Zhao Gaozong of Song Dynasty. In the book, there are many unique opinions on the value of "Lanting Preface", the advantages of stone inkstone, and the method of learning calligraphy, which are different from those of the times.
《Nine Essential of Calligraphy》
The "Nine Positions", also known as the "Eight Characters of Nine Positions", was written by Cai Yong in the Eastern Han Dynasty. The book discusses a wide range of calligraphic techniques, including "falling strokes, turning strokes, hiding fronts, hiding the head, protecting the tail, quick strokes, swiping strokes, astringent strokes, and horizontal scales and vertical lines. 
《The Peacocks Fly to the South and the East》
"The long piece is drenched in ancient style, and is full of color, all without words. It is the first long poem of the Han Dynasty. The poem "The Flight of the Peacock to the Southeast" was written by the Unknown of the Eastern Han Dynasty, and is the first long poem of the Han Dynasty. The poem tells the story of Liu Lanzhi and Jiao Zhongqing, who were originally a couple but had to leave each other due to a change, and finally both of them died in love.
《Eight Principles of Character ＂Yong＂》
The Eight Methods of the Yong Character were created by Zhi Yong of the Sui Dynasty, Wang Xizhi of the Eastern Jin Dynasty, or Zhang Xu of the Tang Dynasty. This method uses the eight strokes of the character "永" as an example to illustrate the essence of the regular script strokes, which is the fundamental rule of calligraphy, and is also used as a proxy for calligraphy itself.
《Epic of King Gesar》
King Gesar is a Tibetan heroic epic, with more than one hundred volumes, one million lines of poetry and more than twenty million words. It is a collection of Tibetan stories, myths, poems, fables, proverbs, aphorisms and so on.
《Classic of Poetry》
As the saying goes, "If you don't study poetry, you can't speak it". The Book of Songs is a vast and profound book, containing a large number of songs, elegant music and ritual songs for the temples in three parts: "Wind", "Elegance" and "Ode". As the key text of Confucianism, Confucius made his disciples use the Book of Songs as a guideline for their words and actions.
《The Poetry of Painting》
This poem is a seven-word poem on painting; not only is the language refined, but also the perspective is unique, discussing more than fifty painters and commenting on their paintings as if they were precious.
《Chengdu Master Paintings》
Yizhou Famous Paintings" is a famous painting history book by Huang Huofu, a famous artist of Song Dynasty, who collected many famous paintings from Shu since Tang Dynasty. The book is arranged in four frames: "Yi, Shen, Miao, and Neng", and is divided into three volumes: upper, middle, and lower.
《The Landscape Painting Instructions by Guo Xi》
The Linquan Gaozhi Collection was written by Guo Si, son of Guo Xi, a famous landscape painter of the Song Dynasty. This book is the result of Guo Si's discussion of his father's thoughts and painting techniques, and it is so detailed that it is known as "no one has ever painted a landscape without reading this collection.
《PentaBull Map》
The painting "Five Bulls" was made by Han Hwang in the Tang Dynasty. The five cows in the painting are: one bending down to eat grass, one tilting its head forward, one looking back to lick its tongue, one walking slowly, and one rubbing an itch on a thorn tree. Although the coloring of this picture is all rough and spicy, the picture's spirit overflows as if it were alive after a long time, and it can be said to be a masterpiece for the ages.
《The History of Painting》
The book is divided into ten volumes, containing the biographies of two hundred and nineteen painters, and is written by the Song Dynasty collector Deng Chun. The book not only classifies each painting by ghosts and gods, figures, landscapes, flowers and birds, animals and beasts, houses and trees, vegetables and fruits, and small scenes of miscellaneous paintings, in order to evaluate the merits and demerits of each artist in detail, but also records many famous paintings, miscellaneous sayings, anecdotes of the painting court, and so on.
《Admonitions of the Instructress to Court Ladies》
"The women are about three inches long, all of them are angry, like those who want to walk, this god without losing their nature". The picture of "Women's History" was made by Gu Kaizhi in the Jin Dynasty according to the text "Women's History" by Zhang Hua in the Jin Dynasty, and is divided into twelve sections, with nineteen painted women. The painting is elegant and beautiful, with both form and spirit, such as the spring silkworms spitting silk, floating in the air.
《Emperor Taizong Reveiving the Tibetan Envoy》
The picture of "Step-van" was made by Yan Liben, a famous artist of the Tang Dynasty. The painting is the scene of Lu Dongzan's pilgrimage to see Emperor Taizong of Tang Dynasty, which is: "gold and jade embroidery, between the left and right, the road looks at each other, happy and good, Zan Pu Ning forget it. The painting is elegant and gorgeous in color, with smooth and rounded lines and varied composition, which can be considered a masterpiece.
《Along the River During the Qingming Festival》
"When the Song family Biandu was in full bloom, 10,000 square meters of jade and silk ladder sailed along. The "Qingming Shanghe River" is a popular painting in the Song Dynasty. The painting "Qingming Shanghe" was made by Zhang Zeduan, a famous writer in Song Dynasty. In the painting, there are more than 500 people, more than 60 animals, more than 20 wooden boats, more than 30 houses and pavilions, more than 20 carts and sedan chairs. The painting can be described as the holy grail of paintings, as it is not chaotic, long but not redundant, small but not lose the whole picture.
《Nymph of the Luo River》
The painting "Luo Shen Fu" was painted by Gu Kai Zhi in the Jin Dynasty. The painting is divided into three parts: one is the joy of Cao Zhi's meeting the goddess of Luo; the second is the departure of the goddess of Luo and the despair of their vow to meet again; the third is the helplessness of Cao Zhi's love for his beloved, knowing that she has gone. The painting is light and fluent, with all the six methods, and the thoughtfulness and unpredictability.
《The Predictions Methods by Sun Bin》
The "golden mouth trick" is also known as the "big six nones golden mouth trick", for the Warring States Sun Bin transmitted. This secret fuses the key points of Qi Men, Liunon and Taiyi, and is also simple and easy to learn, easy to use, learners of Yi mostly practice this secret.
《Ziping's Fortune-telling》
The book is divided into five volumes, which is a strange book that classifies people's fortune into three, six, nine, etc. by the pattern of eight characters: "Cai Guan Yin, Eating, Killing, Injury and Robbery". This book is able to discuss the birth, month, day, and time of a person's birth, the prosperity of the gram, the rest, the system, the fortune, and the birth and death of a person, and it can be said to be fulfilled like a god.
《QiMen DunJia》
The "Qi Men Dun Jia" is the first of the three styles of Qi Men, Liu Yi and Tai Yi, which was created by the Nine Heavenly Mystics. This method consists of "odd", "door", "recluse" three strange arts, to calculate the heaven and earth, there is no inaccuracy, it is: "learn the odd door recluse, the next person No need to ask".
《ZiWei DouShu》
The "Purple Micro Dou Shu" is the science of the emperors, which is only passed down from one line of Qintian Supervisors to another, and is rarely passed down to the people. It is a magic art that uses the number of the twelve houses of life to transform the destiny chart, supplemented by the 108 stars to predict the fortune of things, and then uses the number of the four transformations to transform the fate, thus deducing all the signs of life.
《Treatise on the Astrology of the KaiYuan Era》
The Kaiyuan Sutra, in one hundred and twenty volumes, was written by Gautam Siddhartha, an Indian who lived in Chang'an during the Tang Dynasty. It contains not only the records of various celestial phenomena, but also a large number of star charts and algorithms; not only the 29 types of calendars, but also many astrological techniques and the way of the universe involving grass, trees, birds, animals, human beings and ghosts.
《Five Star Astrology》
The "Five Stars" is the "Gan Shi Xing Jing" of the Warring States period. It is an ancient technique to divine good and bad fortune by recording and observing the movement and anomalies of the five stars of gold, wood, water, fire, and earth, namely Tai Bai, Xing Xing of the Year, Xing of the Star, Xing of the Flux, and Xing of the Town.
《Zou Zi》
The book is divided into forty-nine chapters: seven on the earth and sky; seven on the changes of yin and yang; seven on the five elements; seven on the beginning and end of the five virtues; seven on the Great Kyushu; seven on the sun, moon, and stars; and seven on the mountains and rivers. All the discussions in the book are exquisite and insightful.
《HeTu LuoShu》
"Therefore, born with divine things, the sage is the; heaven and earth change, the sage is the; the sky drapes the image to see the auspiciousness, the sage is the; river out of the "map", Luo out of the "book", the sage is the". The "Hetu Luoshu" is the source of the five elements of yin and yang, the beginning of divination, Taiji, Bagua, Zhou Yi, Six A, Nine Stars, Feng Shui, etc. can be traced to this source.
《I Ching》
The Zhou Yi was written by Ji Chang, the king of the Zhou Dynasty, and is divided into two parts, the Jing and the Zhuan. The "Yi" is a vast and all-encompassing book, including astronomy, geography, music, military arts, rhyme, arithmetic, and so on, all of which can be used to help the "Yi" to say that it is the source of the Way.
《Tiny Tasting of Tea》
Boiling Spring" is divided into ten chapters: source spring, stone flow, clear cold, sweet fragrance, suitable for tea, spiritual water, different water, river water, well water, and introductory talk. It is a collection of the experience of the previous people and a treatise on the quality of tea water.
《The Book of Wine》
The Book of Wine was written by Dou Ping in the Song Dynasty. The book discusses a total of thirteen items: the source of wine I, the name of wine II, the matter of wine III, the function of wine IV, Wenk V, chaos and virtue VI, commandment of loss VII, divine differences VIII, foreign regions IX, sex taste X, drinking vessels XI, wine order XII, general theory XIII.
《The Sixteen Methods of Tea Ceremony》
Sixteen Soups" is a famous work of the tea ceremony, which is derived from the chapter of "Cooking Method" in the "Tea Sutra". This book according to the different degrees of hot and cold tea water, the different degrees of water injection, the different tea utensils used, the different firewood, and the sixteen soup products, respectively, to calculate their gains and losses.
《Dialectic of tea and liquor》
The "tea and wine theory" is a Dunhuang relic, written by the Tang Dynasty Wang Shi. This book is intended to tea and wine mouth of each has been long, each other's length, the debate is vivid and interesting, the metaphor is profound, praise tea: "the first of a hundred grasses, the flower of ten thousand trees", said wine can: "and death and fixed life, the gods of Xin Qi".
《Treatise on Tea》
The "Da Guan Tea Theory" is divided into twenty articles, which was written by Zhao Ji, Emperor Huizong of Song Dynasty. In the book on the tea origin of the yin and yang, the influence of the weather in the harvesting, cooking test techniques, tea, point tea, etc. are all discussed and explained, not only insightful, and profound discussion.
《The Wine Classic of North Mountain》
The book was written in the Song Dynasty and is divided into three volumes: the upper volume is a general treatise on the origin of wine; the middle volume contains dozens of methods of making wine; and the lower volume describes the methods of making wine. This book is a detailed and theoretically sophisticated, and can be considered the best book on wine in the world.
《The Theotry of Tea》
The "Daming water record" is the Song Dynasty Ouyang Xiu on tea water special article. The book refuted Zhang and new divided into twenty water products, said: "Yu's theory of water, evil Ting dip and like the spring flow, so the well to take more draws, although the river cloud flow, but many water mixed gathering, so the second to the mountain water, but this said near physical cloud." Its words are incisive into the reason, ancient and modern correspondence, said its debate on water theory is the most fair.
《The Wine Classic by East Slope Holder's 》
Dongpo Wine Sutra", written by Su Shi in the Song Dynasty, is a classic work on winemaking. This book contains three hundred and seventy-seven words, which contain a series of ancient laws on wine making, such as "making music, using materials, using quilts, feeding materials, raw material yield, brewing".
《The Classic of Tea》
The "tea sutra" is a book by Lu Yu of the Tang Dynasty, divided into three volumes of ten sections. Volume: one of the source; two of the tools; three of the creation; volume: four of the ware; volume: five of the cooking; six of the drink; seven of the matter; eight of the out; nine of the slightly; ten of the figure. Its discussion of tea in detail, creating a generation of tea ceremony precedent, if you talk about tea, the first to promote this book.
《The Book of Tripod》
The Book of Tripods was written during the Spring and Autumn and Warring States Periods, and the author's name is unknown. The book describes the smelting and techniques of bronze, supplemented by lost wax casting and various decorative techniques, and is the only book that records the smelting of bronze during the Spring and Autumn Periods.
《Heat Formula》
During the Song Dynasty, Longquan County, a miner surnamed Liu, according to the fire explosion method of mining techniques compiled a recipe, after this recipe passed from mouth to mouth, spread to the north and south, so sometimes people according to this recipe perfected the fire explosion mining techniques and compiled into a book, named "fire explosion recipe".
《The records of Acient Swords and Blades》
Ancient and Modern Sword Book" is written by Tao Hongjing of the Southern Dynasty, recording a total of more than 40 pieces of ancient and modern weapons in four categories: swords and knives, Shu General swords, Wu General swords, Wei General swords, etc.. The book described the "steel" art, is the most cast technology at that time, the steel infusion Suetsu knife can cut armor more than 30 Zha, people at the time called the gods of weapons.
《Xue Zhu's Sword Evalution》
The Qin people Xue Candle for the king of Yue Gou trample look at the five swords, said the hair Cao and huge Que: "not a treasure sword." And also said pure Jun: "Although pouring the city amount of gold, pearls and jade exhausted river, only not this one thing." The people of the time will record this matter into a book, so it became "Xue candle phase sword".
《The Book of River》
The "Water Classic" was written by Li Daoyuan in the Northern Wei Dynasty, in which there are 1,252 river addresses and water quality characteristics, and the minerals in the water are described, such as gold, silver, copper, iron, tin, mercury, etc. In later times, founders used this book to distinguish the water quality of rivers and forge objects, which is a must-read article for the forging industry.
《Yue King's Hoard》
Legend has it that King Goujian had ordered the five swords in his collection to be drawn and written, and after Goujian's death, he was buried with the five volumes of the atlas. During the Tang Dynasty, Goujian's tomb was stolen and the five volumes of the atlas flowed out, so the world called the five volumes of the atlas "King Yue's Secret Collection".
《The Book of Diverse Crafts》
The book is divided into two volumes, in which the specifications and manufacturing industries of woodworking, goldworking, leatherworking, colorworking, scraping and hollowing are discussed, and is by far the most comprehensive book covering all kinds of work.
《OuYe Zi》
At the end of the Tang Dynasty, a nameless Taoist priest stayed at night in a broken view, suddenly heard a strange sound within the wall, so take the night to chisel the wall, "Ou Zu Legacy" is now, this book has Ou Yezi forging weapons of many secret methods and diagrams, none of which is a ghost set up God, the tricky method.
《The KunWu Book》
It is said in the "Five Sounds, Five Rhymes" that "Kun-ge" is also a beautiful stone. The book of "Kun Zhi Zhi" is a wonderful book in the period of Wei, Jin and North and South Dynasties, which discusses the best jade from the period of Spring and Autumn and Warring States to the present, and draws pictures to evaluate the advantages and disadvantages of jade in detail, and the wording is lavish and grand.
《The Carpentry Principles》
The book is divided into four books and thirteen sections: one on wood; two on breaking wood; three on cutting wood; and four on woodworking. From the selection of wood to the creation of wooden tools, are detailed descriptions, if from the woodworking matters, must not be read this book.
《Easten Garden Records》
The so-called East Garden, is Cai Jing placed in the east of the city, covering an area of dozens of miles, planted with countless exotic flowers and trees of the residence, the times for the irony of its extravagant, so compiled this book, a detailed account of Cai Jing East Garden of a hundred flowers and a hundred trees, although the content of more than pompous, but in the future to understand the growth habits of various types of plants and trees, but still a great help.
《The keypoints for Vessel and Vehicle》
Yang Guang, Emperor Yang of Sui, ordered officials to supervise the construction of dozens of dragon boats and hundreds of luxurious carriages for a trip to Yangzhou, and the supervisors wrote a book on all the methods of mortise and tenon jointing and nailing of dragon boats and carriages, called "Boat and Carriage Pivot".
《The Nine Chapters on the Mathmeatical Art》
The "Nine Chapters" is the earliest book of arithmetic in ancient times, with nine chapters and 246 questions, including "Fangtian", which is the method of calculating plane figures; "Shaoguang", which is the method of opening the square and cube; and "Shanggong "is the calculation of three-dimensional volume of the method, these three methods are commonly used in the ancient method of wood making, as one of the roots of a hundred engineering techniques in later generations.
《Wooden Bird》
"Gong Luzi cut bamboo and wood for magpies, and flew for three days. The book "Bamboo Magpie" is a strange book containing various whims of Lu Ban, which is named after bamboo magpie, and its content is unprecedented and unprecedented, but unfortunately most of it has not been completed yet.
《ZhouBi Arithmetic Classic》
The book "The Book of Thighs and Arithmetic" is one of the "Ten Books of Arithmetic", which includes the change of seasons, the way of climate change, the north and south poles, and the theory of day and night. According to legend, during the Three Kingdoms period, Zhuge Wolong read "The Book of Thighs and Calculations" and was inspired to create the Wooden Ox and Flowing Horse.
《The legends of Great Smiths》
This book was written by an unknown carpenter in the Han Dynasty, who described himself as a "general master craftsman" and recorded his career for the construction of palaces, temples, tombs and civil engineering.
《Exquisite Mystery》
During the Qin dynasty, Prime Minister Li Si was ordered to supervise the construction of the tomb of Qin Shi Huang, a highly respected Mozi old man was invited to build the tomb organs, the old man knew that there was no return, so he compiled his decades of research into the art of organ building into a book, into the tomb to build the organs, after the completion of the tomb, Qin Shi Huang ordered the killing of hundreds of workers, the book also became the old man's last book.
《GongShu JiYi》
The book is based on the book of Lu Ban, the ancestor of the woodworkers, and contains thousands of woodworking methods, from the construction of the palace to the utensils of the people, all of which are listed in a hundred chapters, and all of them are profound and subtle.
《The Classic of Meridian》
Written by Wang Xi in the Western Jin Dynasty, the book summarizes the main points of the scriptures such as the Nei Jing and the Difficult Classic, and incorporates ancient experience in pulse science and its many years of practice, making it the first pulse science monograph to summarize in detail the twenty-four pulse signs.
《The Stone Carving from Chu's Outer Coffin》
Chu's legacy" for the southern Qi Chu Cheng written. The book is divided into receive shape, this qi, flat pulse, JinRun, part of the body, essence and blood, in addition to disease, examine micro, discern the book, ask the son of ten, is a pioneer in discussing the mysteries of human qi and blood yin and yang, for future generations of doctors as a classic.
《Classic on 81 Medical Problems》
The book is divided into eighty-one difficulties, using the question and answer method to discuss medical theory, which covers pulse diagnosis, meridians, internal organs, yin and yang, etiology, disease mechanism, Ying and Wei, acupuncture points, acupuncture, and disease evidence, among which the discussion of the eight channels, Sanjiao and the Gate of Life, have been practiced by later generations of doctors.
《Supplements to Precious Prescriptions for Emergencies》
The book is divided into 30 volumes, with 189 doors and more than 2,900 songs. It is a collection of Sun Simiao's 30 years of medical experience, and was written to supplement the shortcomings of the "Thousand Gold Prescriptions".
《Treatise on Febrile Diseases》
The Treatise on Typhoid was written in the Eastern Han Dynasty by Zhang Zhongjing, the sage of medicine. The entire book consists of 12 volumes and contains a large number of compound prescriptions, which are rigorously formulated and have remarkable curative effects.
《Book in the Cyan Bag》
"Hua Tuo devoted his life's work to making the Qing Bao Shu. The upper volume contains the doctrine of drug theory, while the lower volume contains the surgical techniques.
《Synopsis of Golden Chamber 》
"This book can live". The book is divided into three volumes, containing more than 60 diseases and 262 prescriptions, and is an essential part of the medical art.
《ShengNong's Herbal Classic》
The Shennong Ben Cao Jing originated from the Shennong Clan and was not written at one time and by one person, but was collected and summarized by many medical practitioners during the Qin and Han dynasties.
《Huang Di Nei Jing》
The Yellow Emperor's Classic of Internal Medicine is divided into two parts, "Ling Shu" and "Su Wen", and is based on Huang Lao's doctrine of "Yin and Yang, the Five Elements", "pulse signs", "Tibetan signs" and other doctrines. The book is rich in content and all-embracing, and is indeed a classic book of the ancestors and a wonder book for the ages.
《Six Evils Jing》
This book is a book on poison circulated around the Nanzhao country in the Tang Dynasty, in which dozens of common poisons are recorded to cause six kinds of lethal symptoms, such as black face and rigor mortis, swelling and ulceration of the whole body, red eyes and vomiting blood, etc. Therefore, this book was called "Six Harm Sutra" by the people of the time.
《Venoms Jing》
The book is divided into twenty-five chapters, containing three hundred and forty-seven poisonous herbs and medicines, detailing the growth environment of these poisons, the consequences of accidental ingestion and the methods of antidote, which is the first monograph on poisons in ancient times.
《Autopsy Instructions》
The book was written in the Song Dynasty and is the work of Song Ci. There are five volumes and fifty-three articles, including six categories of autopsy, bone examination, injury examination, poisoning, and death saving, among which the category of "poisoning" is of great help to the study of poisoning, and the study of various injuries, disabilities, diseases, and deaths in the book also greatly accelerates the progress of the study of poisoning.
《The Theory of Toxic Beings》
The book of "Evil Things" was written during the Five Dynasties period, and was compiled by Zhao Kuangyin, the Song Emperor, in the Hanlin Medical Academy. This book contains 2,000 words, and contains dozens of methods of poisoning, such as "hooks and kisses", "hemlock" and "hemlock poison". This book is a private book of the royal collection, and is not allowed to be circulated among the people.
《Death Pool Encyclopedia》
The book covered hundreds of poisons in sixteen regions, of which Fotu Cheng destroyed eleven, and the remaining 213 types were all dismissed because of their extreme toxicity, and the book was later transmitted to Luoyang, because the poisons it contained were unheard of, and were mistakenly fabricated by the people of the time.
《Ghost Pot Jing》
During the Tang Dynasty, from the royal family to the peddlers, they all drank wine for fun. At that time, there was an old man who recorded thirty-nine kinds of medicine into the wine, using the characteristics of the wine to strengthen the toxicity of the medicine.
《Notes for inferior part of Sheng Nong's Herbal Classic》
"One hundred and twenty-five kinds of lower medicines are adjuvant, the main cure for disease to respond to the ground, more poisonous, should not be taken for a long time". This book is a detailed commentary on the 125 kinds of "lower medicines" contained in the Shennong Bancaojing. The commentator only discusses the toxicity of the "lower medicines" regardless of the medicine to save lives, and people were disgusted by its ominous nature, so this book rarely circulated.
《One Million Poisoning Ways》
The Book of Hundred Losses" is a book written by one of the five Southern Ancestors of Taoism in the Song Dynasty, a disciple of Bai Yuchan, which contains thirty-six types of poisons, corresponding to the thirty-six dead points of the human body, damage points and destroy veins without remedy, so there is no antidote to the poisons contained in this book, and because of its overbearing nature, it is called a killer by the people of the time.
《The Secret Key for Black Cloth》
The book is divided into five chapters: miasma, mine, water, grass and insects, listing a total of 1,236 poisonous things in the world, which is the most comprehensive book of poisonous things in the past and present.
《The Jacquard Book》
The "Flower Law Book" was written by an unnamed weaver in the Song Dynasty, which describes the method of making the law, detailing nearly 30 processes such as picking silk, soaking silk, twisting silk, playing painting, wearing synthesis, painting plates to weaving on the machine, etc. The text is simple and easy to understand, and is a primer for weavers.
《Ancient Tales from Les》
"The Li people are good at weaving brocade, exquisite production, colorful". Song Dynasty, a Han Chinese to Hainan Island, live for twelve years, wrote a book "Li ancient language", the book is divided into three chapters of weaving embroidery, weaving and dyeing, weaving flowers, a detailed account of the method of making Li brocade and production techniques, for the time to learn.
《The Variorum for Scouring and Dyeing》
The Dyeing Division of the Qin Dynasty recorded its dyeing method as a matter of circulation within the Division, and the notes discussed in detail the dyeing method of thirty-nine kinds of colors.
《The Silkworm Jing》
"Han Yi, the Queen pro-sang the eastern suburbs of the garden, silkworm room sacrifice silkworm god, said the garden swamp women, 寓氏 Princess Shrine." During the Western Han Dynasty, Empress Dou held the first silkworm sacrifice, and ordered the weaving room craftsmen to compile the "mulberry and silkworm scriptures", the Qin and Han dynasties weaving skills of ancient methods recorded in the book, widely spread to the people.
《The Story of Borrowing Cloth》
An unknown person in Chang'an of the Tang Dynasty wrote a book called "The Book of Borrowed Clothes" based on the strange story of "Borrowed Clothes to Buy Wine", which describes the daily dresses and clothes of the common people of the Tang Dynasty with witty words and illustrations, and is a comprehensive collection of the dresses of the Tang Dynasty.
《Ducks in the Lotus Pond》
The lotus pond duck picture is embroidered with red lotus and egrets, green birds and rocks; the lotus flowers are plump, the tips of the white petals are dyed red, the egrets look elfin and transparent, a female and a male double duck swim leisurely, accompanied by a pair of children lively and innocent, cute and childish, the picture is vivid and warm, rich in color changes, its woof is finely organized, the filaments are well-defined, it is its best work.
《The Book of Etiquette and Rites》
It is a compilation of seventeen books based on the ritual system of the Spring and Autumn and Warring States Periods. The book contains seventeen types of clothing worn by the Zhou Emperor and even by the ministerial officials during the Spring and Autumn and Warring States Periods, and is a guideline for the weaving industry to weave official clothing.
《The Brocade Book of All Sorts Flowers》
The Book of Hundred Flowers was written in the first year of the Shen Long period of the Tang dynasty. The book records the patterns and inner meanings of costumes from the Shang and Zhou dynasties to the Tang dynasty, with detailed descriptions and magnificent diction, which can be called the best book of flower brocades in the ancient and modern world.
《LeiZu unrolling the Cocoon》
Rayon invented the method of raising silkworms and reeling silk, known to the world as the "ancestor of silkworms". Since the beginning of the Xia Dynasty, generations of famous weavers will devote their lives to collect the ancient method of reeling silkworms Rayon, finally to the Han Dynasty years into the "first silkworms Rayon Records", can be described as a hundred years of time and blood constantly, pouring thousands of people's efforts to make the best book.
《The Jade Knowing》
This book contains the nature and form of the jade sand produced in different parts of the Song Dynasty, and is the most complete record of the jade sand in the Song Dynasty.
《The Six Auspicious Map》
According to legend, "Six Rui Tu" is a treasure map offered by Jiang Ziya to King Wu of Zhou, on which six types of jade vessels were painted: Zhen Gui, Huan Gui, Xin Gui, Gu Gu Gui, Gu Bi and Pu Bi. Later, King Wu of Zhou established the Zhou dynasty and used these six types of jade vessels for officials' pilgrimage, and appointed these six vessels as "Six Rui".
《The Jade Carving》
The book is divided into four chapters: phase jade, scratching, faceting, and grinding. The book contains seven ancient methods of grinding jade, such as double-hook grinding method, gold error jade, nephrite method, and soft crystal method.
《Eight Delicates and Eight Treasures》
The book "Eight Precious Eight Treasures" was written in the late Tang Dynasty, the name of the author is unknown, the whole book is divided into two volumes, the upper volume contains jade, the lower volume contains stone, the whole book contains the wall displaced, barking glaze, turquoise, jasper, Jin Yu, gold essence, aventurine and other sixteen types of jade species and their places of production, is the jade industry, the readings of the industry is circulated, rare.
《The Onyx》
Afterwards, the lord of Shu, Meng Chang, was very fond of Lady Hua Rui, saying that she was so charming and feminine that he thought only immortal jade could match her appearance, so he spent ten thousand gold to purchase thirty-six types of precious stones, all of which were different from each other.
《The Unusual Soul》
According to legend, after the death of the Sui Dynasty craftsman Li Chun, was buried next to the Zhaozhou Bridge, when the winter months, a hundred grass died, only Li Chun's grave grass grows and flies, someone went to investigate, saw his grave appeared hundreds of gold, stone and jade, people thought it was strange, so the tomb of the jewels produced in the book, ordered it for the "foreign soul Zhi".
《Vasudhara Dharani Sutra》
"The only tools for jade cutting were wire and bow. During the Wei, Jin and North and South Dynasties, the only tools for cutting jade were wire and bow, which were very labor-intensive and poor.
《Raising a Jade by Yi Xiang》
In the ancient times, there was a god named Yi Xiang, who had no magic power but was good at nurturing jade, and loved to wander the earth, and if he met a person with a destiny, he would teach the method of nurturing jade. In the Han Dynasty, there was a rich merchant who was good at nurturing jade, and he compiled a book with his comments on nurturing jade.
《Jasper Lake Travel notes》
During the Five Dynasties, there was a young man named Liu Hua from the scholarly clan of Houshu, who had a beautiful appearance and was a good sport. It is said that he took a nap in the garden one day, and suddenly dreamed of the brightness of the haze, and the Queen Mother of the West arrived by clouds and invited Liu Hua to visit the Immortal Palace of Kunlun, and lingered for a long time.
《The Yellow Court Classic》
It was written by Li Er during the Spring and Autumn Period and the Warring States Period. It was created by Wei Hua Cun of the Tian Shi Dao and spread to the world, and was based on the Daoist philosophy of thinking of the gods and keeping one, and combining the theory of precious essence and love of qi with the ancient medical theory of internal organs.
《Lao Zi Ching》
Guan Yinzi was taught by Laozi, developed his wisdom, and cultivated the Great Tao, which led to the book "Wen Shi Zhen Jing". This book has a profound and beautiful text and a profound and meaningful meaning, so it is called: the great Taoist collection of millions of volumes, the most sophisticated Guan Yinzi book.
《HuaiNan Zi》
Huainanzi" was written by Liu An, the king of Huainan, and his staff of scholars. This book is respected by later scholars for its romantic and bizarre language, as it boasts the color of Huanglao's doctrine and the length of a hundred schools of thought.
《BaoPu Zi》
The book is divided into two parts: the inner part is about the art of ascending to immortality and becoming a god, and the outer part is about the changes in the human world and the loss of time and government.
《Wen Zi》
The "Tongxuan Zhenjing" was written during the Spring and Autumn Period and the Warring States Period by Ji Ran, a native of the State of Song. In the book, he said about benevolence: "Therefore, the greatest benevolence is to love people"; he also said about heaven and earth: "The past and the present are called the universe, and the up and down and the four directions are called the universe.
《Lie Zi》
In the year of Tianbao, Emperor Xuanzong of Tang dynasty made Liezi a "true man of Chongxu" and ordered him to write a sutra called "Chongxu Zhenjing", which is one of the four sacred texts of Taoism. The "Chongxu Zhenjing" is one of the four sacred scriptures of Taoism. The current eight books of the "Chongxu Zhenjing" are mixed in content, but the diction is broad and wide, and it can be called "the most wonderful work in the world".
《Zhuang Zi》
The South China Classic is one of the "three mysteries" of Taoism, written by Zhuangzi and his descendants during the Spring and Autumn and Warring States period.
《YinFuJing by The Yellow Emperor》
"Hidden microscopic difficult to see, so named Yin; wonderfully combined with the Avenue, named as a symbol. The scripture is the common law of the ages". The Yellow Emperor's Book of Yin Fu was written in the time of the Yellow Emperor Xuan Yuan, the book is simple and concise, the content is subtle and profound, the emperor has got it to rule the world, the soldier has got it to cross and cross, the Taoist has got it to live forever, there is no one who does not understand it.
《TaoTe Ching》
"Laozi lived in the week for a long time, see the decline of the week, is then go. To Guan, Guan Yin Xi said: the son will be hidden, strong for me to write a book, so Laozi said five thousand words of morality and go, so into the "Tao Te Ching". The Tao Te Ching is divided into two books, the first on the Tao, which is "the door of all wonders", and the second on virtue, which is "the theory of the world", so this book also has the reputation of "inner sage and outer king".
《The Heart Sutra》
This sutra full text of only 260 words, is one of the six hundred prajna volume, prajna of the sutra are set in this sutra, is the "great prajna sutra" heart essence, so called the "heart sutra", this book is near and far, the word shallow but deep meaning.
《The Vajra Sutra》
The Vajra Sutra, written in ancient India, is a classic work that expounds the secret meaning of Buddhahood, in which the disciple of the Buddha, Nuo, records the time when the Buddha, Shakyamuni, was talking about the sutras with his disciples, including the elder Subhuti.
《The Kishitigarbha Sutra》
The Kṣitigarbha Sutra was translated by the Tang Dynasty monk Shikonanda. The Kṣitigarbha Sutra contains the wish of King Kṣitigarbha to save his mother and make offerings to the King of Jokhangasiddhi, and the virtue of "wishing to free all sentient beings from sins and sufferings for all future generations.
《The Forty-two Chapters Sutra》
In the tenth year of Yongping, an emissary returned to China with Jemoten and Zhuran, established the White Horse Temple in Luoyang, and translated the Forty-two Chapters Sutra. This book contains forty-two quotations from the Buddha, which are simple and profound, and encompasses all the teachings of the Mahayana, and is respected as one of the "Three Sutras of Buddha's Legacy".
《The Pure Land Three Sutras》
Among the three sutras of the Pure Land, the Immeasurable Life Sutra proclaims the great wish of Amitabha Buddha to guide all sentient beings; the Kama Sutra proclaims the sixteen visions of the Pure Land of Ultimate Bliss; and the Amitabha Sutra proclaims rebirth in the Pure Land of Ultimate Bliss.
《The Dirghagama Sutra》
The Sutra is one of the Four Agamas, and is called the "Long Agama" because it is a long collection of sutras that speak of long-standing events. It is the foundation of the Buddha's teachings and the "teachings" of the Buddha.
《The Avatamsaka Sutra》
The Avatamsaka Sutra is said to have been preached by Shakyamuni Buddha in meditation after his attainment of Buddhahood, explaining the endless Dharma realm, and is based on the real Dharma realm of cause-and-effect karma.
《The Saddharmapundarika Sutra》
"Enlightenment of the Lankavatara, becoming the Buddha Dharma Flower". The Myoho-renge-kyo Sutra is one of the three sutras of Dharma, and is a teaching spoken by Buddha Shakyamuni in his later years. The Myoho Lotus Sutra integrates the three yanas into one and is known as: the common reverence of all religions.
《The Surangama Sutra》
"Since I read the Lanyan Sutra, I have not read the dregs of earthly books". This sutra contains all the Buddhas' teachings and takes in all the true meanings, which is the main door of all the Bodhisattvas' actions and the right seal of Buddhahood and ancestry, and can be regarded as the classic of Mahayana Buddhism.
《Average People's Food Menu》
This book is the Song Dynasty, Songjiang Province, a butcher's book, the book contains thirty-seven dishes, are taken from the common people's dishes, easy to learn the practice, because of the inclusion of the four people's daily food, so people will be called the "four people's food book.
《SongSao's Banquet Menu》
In the sixth year of Chunxi, Song Gaozong Zhao Gou took the imperial boat to swim in the West Lake, ordered the chamberlain to buy turtles and fish to release them, and there was a woman called Song Wu's wife who sold fish soup in the Xuanzou, claiming to be from Kaifeng, who moved south with the emperor to this place and made fish soup in the West Lake to make a living.
《Vegetarian Recipes from the Study of the True Heart》
The "Benshin Zhai Cookbook" is written by an old man named Benshin, and edited by his disciple Chen Dasuo, in which twenty items of vegetarian food are described, and sixteen words of praise are written, the words of which are pounded with elegance, unadulterated, and the sentiment of which is elegant and high, quiet and out of the ordinary.
《The Book By Fan ShengZhi》
In the late Western Han Dynasty, the agronomist Fushengzhi wrote the book "Fushengzhi" based on the books of the pre-Qin Dynasty and his own experience, which contains the techniques of cultivating thirteen types of crops, such as grass, millet, wheat, rice and barnyard, and is the source of future agricultural science.
《Wei JuYuan's Shao-Wei Banquet Menu》
"The rooster crows on the pillow, the night air returns, a hundred years of peace, all become a dream, only this 58 food, to prove that the heyday once existed." The book of "Burnt Tail Food List" was written by Wei Juyuan, a native of Duling, Chang'an, which recorded the food list of the Burnt Tail Banquet held by Wei Juyuan in the second year of Jinglong in honor of King Zhongzong, with the names of fifty-eight kinds of dishes recorded on it, and the exquisite dishes and extravagant materials used were sighed by later generations.
《The Simple Foods of the Mountain Folk》
The book is a collection of fruits and vegetables from the fields, the mountains and forests, and the poultry of the farmers.
《Classic of Food》
The "Food Scripture" is a book written by Cui Hao of the Northern Wei Dynasty. It consists of nine volumes, in which a variety of food storage and delicacies are described, and is orally taught by Cui's mother Lu and the women of his clan.
《Essential Methods of the Common People》
The "Essentials of Qimin" was written by the agronomist Jia Siwei. The book is divided into ten volumes of 92, outlining its agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry, fishery, vice and other handicraft production and food storage knowledge, during the Tang Dynasty, Zizhou Neijiang County, a family of Liu's family according to the "Qi Min Yao Ji" storage food a, the money orange, dried pears, apricots, Shou Xing orange and other fruits to honey soaked storage, this method to preserve sugar and juice, its taste sweet and delicious, after the royal family as a tribute fruit.
《The Cooking Book by Yu Cong》
In the era of Southern Qi, Yu Joy of Yu Yao wrote the book "Food Precious Record", which mainly recorded the dishes of Jiangnan flavor, and its cooking method is Yu Joy's own original with the ancient method of the previous people, which is one of its best, and it won the top of the Six Dynasties' food precious spectrum, and the Book of Southern Qi said "Joy is good at taste, and all Qi have methods".
《East Slope Holder's Essays》
The "Dongpo Zhilin" was written by Su Shi in the Song Dynasty, whose essay saw the mountain and wrote about the mountain, saw the water and spoke about the water, and between the mountain and the water, the essay phrases were all at hand, such a dash of pleasure, is not the true style of flow?
《Records of the Unworldly and the Strange》
Tao Gu of the Song Dynasty wrote the book "Qing Yi Lu", the whole book is divided into thirty nine, a wide range of strange stories, on the astronomy and geography, personnel officials, flowers and fruits, insects, fish, birds and animals, household utensils and even immortals, ghosts and demons, everything is ready, the pen is witty and interesting, read the fun is very strong.
《Book of Yue and GouJian》
The book was written by Wu Ping in the Eastern Han Dynasty, and it mainly deals with the barnyard history of Wu and Yue in the Spring and Autumn Period, and also with the vassal states, which is the origin of the later historical novels.
《ErYa》
The Erya was written between the Warring States or the two Han dynasties, with 19 books containing more than 4,300 words, and is the "ancestor of dictionaries".
《Classic of Mountains and Seas》
"Look at its mountains and seas, look down on the universe, get its pleasure". The "Shanhaijing" is a pre-Qin ancient book, the book originally twenty two titles, the existing eighteen, on the strange and strange and fallacious sayings, a collection of rare and museum of geography, its brush wandering and unrestrained, thought magnificent fantasy.
《GuiGu Zi》
During the Spring and Autumn and Warring States period, Wang Zen, the originator of the Zongheng family, wrote the book "Guigu Zi", which has twenty-three entries, describing his strategy and power, and with this book, Wang Zen set the status of the Zongheng family, and also set the Spring and Autumn period of chaos.
《Seven Tactics》
The Seven Strategies" was written by Liu Xiang and his son Liu Xin in the Han Dynasty. The book is composed of thirty-eight categories of seven strategies, containing the speeches of a hundred schools of thought from the Spring and Autumn Period to the present; in the form of a series of strategies, it describes the flourishing and declining of various academic disciplines from the pre-Qin Dynasty to the Western Han Dynasty; with the narrative of each book, it discusses the authenticity of the collection of books and scriptures of the time, which can be considered as the academic and cultural history of the Western Han Dynasty.
《Mo Zi》
It is a book of fifty-three articles, which was gradually added by Mozi and his disciples in various generations. It contains the art of organs, craftsmanship, and the subtle and mysterious doctrines of Mozi, which can be read by the scholars and practiced by the craftsmen.
《The Dream Pool Essays》
During the Song Dynasty, Shen Kuo wrote a book called "Mengxi Pen-talk" after he retired in his late years to his divorced residence in Runzhou. The book is divided into seventeen departments, covering a wide range of contents, from anecdotes about the king's power, down to the white man's mouth, and the skillful craftsman's work, and a hundred different situations in the jianghu marketplace.
《Zen Meditation》
Zen meditation allows the practitioner to be at the state of tranquility, removing all distracting thoughts and unite their mind and body, achieving the state of enlightenment.
《Arhat Meditation》
Gains power from LI16 to get more Yang Qi, with which one can get rid of cold；focus the Yang Qi in your head to evolve your sight and see at night.
《Spiritual Unity Cultivation》
“Heart in harmony with mind, mind in harmony with Qi, Qi in harmony with power”is the meaning of this skill. It turns your natural inner breath out into power covering your body. You even feel some weak noise produced by Qi around you when it's silent.
《Formless Zen》
When you run Formless Zen,  it may seem as nothing happened but it does generate continuous energy. We call it “Endless emptiness with endless awareness,  while you regard thinking as not thinking” when you have it all as you have nothing.
《Bodhi Meditation》
The basic of all greater Buddha dharma. With Bodhi heart,  you can resolve murderous spirits and reach a higher level of martial arts.
《Za-A-Han Scripture》
Za-A-Han Scripture contains countless methods and forms,  which can be used to clear demonic or chaotic minds,  makes you know how to solve complex problems and realize new mystiques.
《Divine Scripture Of Arhat》
People who practice this method may seem think and weak but are actually strong and energetic. It is said with this exercise, your pain and illness will soon disappear,  and find it easier to learn new stuff even without a teacher.
《Tendon Renewal Sutra》
Tendon Renewal,  said to be taught first the Dharma ancestors and can stimulate the unlimited potential of the human body.“With this inner-changing method done, indestructible one become. Illness won't affect you, overeating won't hurt you either”. 
《Sutra of Marrow Rejuvenation》
“Refresh your bones and marrow, rest your soul and let it fly. After days of transforming, you will reach the final stage”.It's a exercise that can make you feel like living a new life.
《Abdominal Breathing》
Press your breath down to Dantian, agglomerate energy. It does good to both outer and inner power, is a secret tip to transform your energy into Force after days and years.
《Emei Pillar Holding》
Emei Pillar Holding combines motions and motionless steps, both Yin and Yang. It also combines Taois, Buddhist and medical mysteries, can strengthen inner breath, treat internal organs and provide peaceful feeling.
《Original Pure Force》
Original Pure Force continuously benefits your awareness, makes you absorb the natural Qi from environment to be your inner power.
《Spirituality Comprehension》
Understand the nature to understand yourself,  your feelings and desires.
《Lotus Mysterious》
“With abstruse method to prove abstruse truth. Sit or lie in side of the lotus, filthy thing won't affect you, wind and wave won't disturb you.” It clears you naturally. After successful practice, the user looks bright and feels healthy.
《Puxian Scripture》
PuXian Scripture is gentle and effective, it contains “10 methods”、“10 endurances”、“6 prostrations”、“4 unchokings” and several other steps.
《Sitting-in-Oblivion》
Sitting-in-Oblivion has polytropic spells, forms, shapes and meanings. “Give up body, give up wisdom, leave your shape and awareness, be a part of all, Sit and Forget.”
《Great Nirvana》
All creatures live and die, the greatest methods also follow the rule. Nirvana makes you silent as dead and come to a new life. The power first goes weak then become strong,  the weaker it was the stronger it will be,  feels as if you have the long-lasting power of Buddha.
《Diagram of Acupunture Points》
The bronze man acupuncture points are arranged in the order of the twelve meridians, with diagrams and a bronze figure of an acupuncture needle, which is an important basis for martial arts practitioners to find acupuncture points and identify veins.
《Acupuncture Original》
The Nine Needles and Twelve Originals specialize in the use of needles, the art of pulse diagnosis and qi observation, and the way of clear and turbid operation, and focus on "deficiency, then reality, fullness, then drainage", named after the nine needle tools and twelve original points.
《Full Chapter of Jia-Yi》
The whole chapter is the outline of all kinds of medical books, and the discussion on the origin of human blood and qi, the beginning and end of the meridians, the location of the acupuncture points, the birth of all diseases, etc. has been simplified, and the essence has been eliminated, succeeding the strength of the ancestors and opening up the future.
《Spiritual Pivot》
"Those who have been to the ancient times are prophets of the Book of Needles". Inner Classic Ling Shu chapter also known as "Huang Di needle Classic", the meridians, acupuncture and moxibustion theory from this gobbled up, its theory in-depth and extensive coverage, is the root of the doctor with needles.
《Meridian Enhancement》
The Golden Needle Technique is a marvelous technique that uses golden needles to pierce into the acupuncture points of the human body to cleanse the bone marrow and cleanse the meridians, so that one's spiritual roots are fixed and the spirit house is clear, containing the qi within and defending the enemy outside.
《Ultra Harmony of Wudang》
Wudang Tai He Gong is an important method for Wudang disciples to stabilize their foundation, as it is based on the intention to promote qi, and the movement in the stillness, which requires the unity of spirit and qi, and the integration of body and mind.
《Vitality Retainin》
As the saying goes, "The way of pure vegetation is to guard only God, to guard and not to lose, to be one with God". The method of holding and keeping one can remove distracting thoughts from the mind and enable the practitioner to achieve a state of internal spiritual protection and true qi harmony.
《Horizontal Feet》
The one-word mixed element pile is handed down by the founder of the Wudang school. When practicing it, one needs to independently guard the spirit and sink into the dantian with the intention, so that one can exercise the form, intention, qi and force, so that the form is not shabby and the spirit is not scattered.
《Celestial Pillar Holding》
Luo Tian is the highest place in the sky. The twelve piles of Luo Tian are a combination of rigidity and flexibility, which can open the meridians, nourish the veins, balance the yin and yang, and gather the true qi, so it is named after the great Luo Tian, which has no precedence and encompasses all the heavens.
《Golden Scripture of Marrow-Regen》
The Golden Scripture of Marrow Washing is an art of guiding and moving qi, which enables the practitioner to flush the meridians with true qi, repair the defects, remove the turbidity and create clarity, so that one's ears and eyes are clear and there is no congestion.
《Wudang Mixed Element》
"Chaos is one, the beginning of vital energy". The Wudang mixed element gong can make people collect their mind into stillness, move in harmony with the invisible, concentrate on the spirit, no desire and no action, and after a long time, they will enter the realm of emptiness and chaos, so that the qi of yin and yang will be born naturally.
《Divine One》
It is said that Taiyi resides in the Purple Wonders, and all of the commanding generals follow it. Taiyi Shen Gong, also known as "Living God Immortal Gong", is the only way to invoke the innate true energy and return the light to the mind, enabling the practitioner to return to the spirit and achieve the immortal body.
《Boundless Pure Yang》
"The ancient immortals refined the essence of the sun, returned to pure Yang, and flew to Taiqing. Pure Yang Wuji Gong draws the gods together and transforms them into invisible, concentric with the Great Tao and homogeneous with nature, so that the accomplished person can have all the veins open and the five qi unbroken.
《Fresh Breath》
The method of vomiting and nano-clearness is about "vomiting first and then nano-clearness, absorbing thoughts and vomiting quietly, closing the eyes and meditating on the mind, and rejecting miscellaneous thoughts", after practicing several times, it will be able to harmonize all the veins and fill the dantian.
《Lighter Yuanshan Force》
Xiao Yuanshan jin is an important method for training techniques and power movement of Yuanshan disciples. When practicing it, it is necessary to use qi to make sound, to use sound to help, to combine reality and emptiness, and to distinguish between rigidity and flexibility.
《Greater Yuanshan Force》
To use force to obtain trickery is only a small victory; to learn from heaven and earth is the great achievement. The great element of mountain strength is in harmony with the materialization of things, and is in harmony with heaven and earth. Those who have accomplished this can know the way of the five elements, and understand the use of the five elements, "hyper multiplication" and "counter insult".
《Silence Methods》
The "no-mindfulness technique" is a way to stop thinking and concentrate on the mind, so as not to have a single thought, and to see the pure mind.
《Inscrutable Round》
"The sky is invisible, but everything is formed; the Supreme Essence has no image, but everything is transformed". Hunyuan WuXiangGong is invisible and has no phase, and insists on emptiness like surplus. The practitioner is not stagnant in things and not trapped in the mind, so he can see that the real law is only one and the true nature is not two.
《Stable Breath》
Seal the mouth to fix the qi method is the unique qigong of the lion phase door, practice need to take a deep breath, stored in the chest and abdomen, and then the force to break the enemy to destroy the hard, although you can get a moment of power, but not conducive to internal training.
《13 Taibaos' Iron Surface》
Thirteen Tai Bao horizontal training is the external training flesh, internal repair tendons and bones of the method of responding to the enemy, practitioners with wooden sticks to hit the Torso, iron sand to exercise the fingers and palms, after the completion of the body like iron stone, there are swords and spears invincible potential, but because of the quick results, often need to wound medicine to assist.
《Tripod Stance of Golden Body》
The Iron Tripod Golden Body is about day and night practice, luck on the table, can make people's muscles and bones are hard, quality than gold and stone, and as the iron tripod, the golden body is unbreakable, difficult to shake.
《Bright Lion Power》
With the body as the bow and the body as the arrow, it can gather the strength of the whole body in one place, making one's hands and feet have the power of thunder and lightning, just like the lion king roaring in anger and releasing the light.
《Develop Ambition》
"If you have a desire, you will think about it. Zhi, the desire to make also". The method of nourishing the will is the internal mind method to store the will and make the desire, to concentrate the heart and solidify the qi, to make one's mind clear and think through.
《Whirling Circle》
The method of turning the circle seeks cooperation with the circle, starts with creation, transforms and receives things, in order to observe the progress and retreat, and seeks the way of chaos with unpredictable wisdom, so it can have infinite plans.
《True Will Cultivation》
The method of real intention is about meditation and distant consideration, seeking for nothing, keeping the spirit intact, looking inward and listening back, and the practitioner thinking of the great emptiness, waiting for the gods to come, so that the five organs can be harmonized, and can know the creation of yin and yang.
《Focus Thought》
"He who is pleased, knows. The one who loses is also the one who does it. The law of loss and pleasure follows the example of the sages, treating virtue with inaction, and observing the properness of things, the success or failure of things, and thinking that the decision of opportunity and danger, so that people do not bother with words and the heart is not false, and the will is not chaotic and the intention is not evil.
《Activate Energy》
The five qi are the will, the mind, the heart, and the virtue. God is the longest, the heart is the shedding, and the virtue is the greatest. The method of Sheng Shen embraces the five qi and transforms them into the body, which enables people to be in harmony with the Tao and to keep their will intact.
《Efficiency Gains》
Dividing the power is also to divide the power of people. When practicing the method of dividing power, we need to refine the spirit with the intention, avoiding the high and tending to the low, avoiding the real and striking the imaginary, such as there is no constant momentum in the army and no constant shape in the water, so that the will is solid, the spirit returns to its house, and the movement changes to see the form, and there is no one who can intervene.
《Diffuse Momentum》
Dispersing the law of the inner essence of the five qi, the external view of the virtual reality, the success of the power of the power of the sufficiency of the inner Sheng, follow between and move, with its will, know its plans, without losing the reality of the dispersion, so the decision of profit and loss, the power of change.
《Ingenious Mysterious》
Ghost Valley Zi number Xuanwei. Xuanwei true art is the Ghost Valley ancestor himself, the law of his knowledge of this, the past view, endless changes, each has a return, can make people planning, strange strategies, victory invisible, across the world.
《Xuannyu Meditation》
The Xuan Nui Heart Technique is the initiation method of the Xuan Nui School. When practicing it, you need to keep your eyes downcast and wait for things in vain, so that your hearing stops at your ears and your heart stops at the talisman.
《Jade Bone Cultivation》
Those who wish to become immortal must first cultivate the Vitality. The Jade Bone technique takes the true qi of the Dantian as its foundation, naturally deflates and quiets, draws in the clear and removes the turbid, thus cleansing the meridians and converging the qi into the bones.
《Moon Drive Cultivation》
The sun is called the sun and the moon is the taiyin. Wang Shu Yu Yue Gong transforms the image on the surface, condenses the spirit in the middle, hides the yin inside and succeeds outside, the practitioner often feels cool all day long and is not hurt by yin.
《Jade Mirror of Yin》
The three yin are separated and united, and Shao Yin is the pivot. Shao Yin a Ming Jue with Yin to form, the realization of the true spirit, the success of the body can dissipate the heat and pass all the meridians, and even the heart and breath, and no distracting thoughts.
《Xihua Scripture》
Xihua, Xiwangmu, the woman who has attained immortality, is attached to the place. Xihua true scriptures follow the Xihua of the most subtle, hole Yin of the ultimate dignity, clear and silent, Zhan body inaction, can make the heart without labor and effort, God is not chaotic and gas is not exhausted.
《Holy Princess》
The divine work of the empress has no intention of doing nothing, no delays, no attachment, external integration with nature, internal practice of the Xuan Dan, the completion of the work of the body and mind are not delusional, the true path is not lost, the face has a jade light, the body has a golden luster, like the empress riding on a spiritual maiden, the mysterious wind down the purple void.
《Nimbus Shower》
Yaochi immortal bathing method multiplying Yin and Yang, silent sense of true God, movement and stillness together, there is nothing to know, when practicing the eight scenes of gas together, five clouds hanging shine, such as seeing the cold wind born jade tree, cool air under the Yaochi, can make the practitioner open-minded Congcha, guard the mystery hold a, to reach the subtlety, the gods do not leave.
《Supreme Goddess Cultivation》
It is the essence of heaven and earth and the beginning of all things. If the practitioner can concentrate on the qi and the softness, without shifting the nature, he can divide the shadow and disperse the form, and come out of nothing into the void.
《Moon Jade》
It is said that Taiyin Yiming Jue is left by the Heavenly Maiden on Xuan Nui Peak, and the practitioner can obtain the heart of Tai Shang, achieve the body of pure yin, and even live forever, return to the truth, unlock the hundred gates, and penetrate all the gods, so it is not possible for those who are not off the quality to ascend to immortality and have a clear form.
《Chap. Forge》
Burnt stone hammer forging chapter describes the use of stones, Chen smelting and casting of the theory, not only can grasp the material knowledge, but also can strengthen the body and forge the body, is the foundation of sword casting techniques.
《Chap. Weave》
According to the legend, the Yue people "had their hair tattooed on their bodies to resemble scaly insects", so they did not see any harm. In the chapter of "Chang Shi Nai Suit", the method of making various colors and clothes is recorded, and practitioners can paint their bodies with five colors to resemble spirits and not be harmed.
《Chap. 5 Metals》
Five gold, the world's gold; good soldier, as if it were a solid soldier. The article explains in detail the nature of various types of gold and iron and the method of making weapons with the theory of the five elements, which can make the practitioner's heart and hands correspond to each other and use them freely.
《Chap. Refining》
As the saying goes: "A hundred refinements of fine gold, in the cut can break". A thousand hammers and a hundred refinements, laborious and difficult to practice, is to hammer and forge, sharpening and other methods to remove impurities in the object, so that the object into a pure, clear color of the strange method.
《Chap. Sacrifice》
According to legend, when the ancient famous craftsmen saw that the gold and iron did not sell, they scintillated their own bodies and cut their hair and claws to become something. The "Soul Sacrifice" chapter details the secret method of sacrificing the weapon with the soul to strengthen its power, which is a supreme secret passed down from generation to generation at the Sword Casting Villa and not announced in silence.
《Summary of Chihuang》
The two of them, Qibe and Huangdi, asked one question and answered the other to form the Yellow Emperor's Classic of Internal Medicine. The two of them asked and answered each other to form the Yellow Emperor's Classic of Internal Medicine. The key points of the medical art are summarized in QI Huang, so that the practitioner can see the smallest details and get twice the result with half the effort.
《Shennong Materia Medica》
According to legend, Shennong had tasted all kinds of herbs to cure people's illnesses. The Secret of Shennong's Materia Medica combines the insights of Shennong's Materia Medica Classic and the ancestors of Kongsang, detailing the nature of the herbs and the use of adjuvants, so it can nourish life and cure diseases.
《Medical Treatment》
The green bag is the green pouch used by doctors to store medical books. It is said that it was given by an immortal in Chai Mountain.
《4 Methods of Hibernation》
"The sting of the dragon and the snake is to survive; the essence of the spirit is to be used. The four methods of Jiaojiao emulate the stinging posture of the dragon, which can help practitioners to nourish their qi and store their essence, condense their spirit and stop thinking, keep their fetal breath and prolong their lives.
《9 Tripots Cultivation》
Yu forged the Nine Cauldrons to bear the rest of Heaven, and if Heaven's destiny does not change, the Nine Cauldrons will not move. The Nine Cauldrons is a strange method to pursue the long life of heaven and immortality by using medicine to nourish the body and using qi to store the body, combining the techniques of channeling, wisdom, burning and refining, and taking food.
《Vajra-Hearted Buddha Meditation》
Karmas, i.e., reluctantly practicing before entering the right path. The Vajra Four Karmas are divided into four methods: warmth, topping, patience, and worldliness. By developing devotion and practicing the convenient path, the practitioner can cut off troubles and attain the four good roots.
《Internal Fire Yoga》
Tum Kung Fu is a method of meditation passed down in the snowy region, the practitioner sits cross-legged, meditating, and over time, can feel the internal fire from the umbilical chakra, filling the whole body, so as not to fear the snow and ice, not to fear the cold.
《Trinity of Buddha》
The three secrets are: body secrets, mouth secrets, and mind secrets. It means that the three secrets of all sentient beings are no different from those of the Buddha. When practicing this method, one has to make a seal with one's body, chant the true words with one's mouth, and observe the dharma with one's mind, so as to purify the three karmas and obtain the four majestic rituals.
《Aquarius Meditation》
It is based on the idea that qi is stored in the dantian, slowly developed, and the concept of emptiness is recurring, so that the qi can be controlled by the mind, the chakras can be cleansed, and all obstacles can be removed.
《Vajra-Inherited Meditation》
It is like manna entering the heart and enlightening the mind, so that the mind can see the nature, break the demonic barrier, and come and go freely without any hindrance, which is called vajra enlightenment.
《The Great Sun Scripture》
The Dainichi Sutra has "bodhicitta as the cause, great compassion as the root, and convenience as the ultimate", so that the practitioner can break through the external paths and destroy troubles with supreme light, knowing that there is no difference in the Dharma and that the paths are the same.
《The Great Vajra Scripture》
It is named "Vajra" because it destroys the four demons and remains unbroken; it is also named "Vajra" because it is the most supreme. The Vajradhara Sutra is the highest of all the sutras, containing infinite manifestation and secret teachings, which can make people leave all the falsehoods and become the supreme wisdom.
《Mahakala Guardian's Cultivation》
Mahakala, also known as the Great Black Sky, is the incarnation of the Great Sun Buddha, and is so powerful that it can subdue all evil demons. Mahākāra's protection work is based on the right view as the fire and the original mind as the sword, which can clear the six roots and cut off the evil obstacles.
《Tantric Atiyoga》
Yoga means correspondence. The practitioner's three secrets are united, and the self-nature is not separated from the Buddha, so it is called yoga. The supreme yoga method practices the five correspondences, and the result is the fruit of the rounding, the concentration of the mind into the meditation, to the samadhi, can make the accomplished person all the illusions extinguished, the awareness of the mind does not move, so it is the most superior supreme method.
《Poisoning Method》
The technique of drawing poison is a compulsory practice for the disciples of the Five Immortals when they are initiated. When practicing it, they need to immerse their hands in the poisonous liquid, initially with a small poison, and later even with a regular poison and a big poison.
《Yellow Immortals Cultivation》
Huang Xian Gong follows the example of the golden snake, the qi passes through the lower yuan, out of the intersection of the two yin, stopping at the meeting of the three veins, and can hide the poisonous substance in the belly, so as not to make delusion.
《Red Immortals Cultivation》
The Red Immortal Method goes through Taiyin, and the force comes out of Shaoshang, which can make the practitioner's qi harmonious and harmonize the yin and yang, just like a vermilion toad that disperses poison on the surface, so as to defend against enemies.
《Black Immortals Cultivation》
The black immortal method is connected to the liver vein and the spleen meridian, which is used to collect blood and nurture qi and nourish all skeletons, so that the accomplished person's muscles and bones will be strong and healthy, and there will be a division between clear and turbid, and the source of transportation and transformation will not be invaded by evil.
《Azure Immortals Cultivation》
"The heart, the sovereign's official also, so any thing for the heart". Green immortal law law effect green immortal, the art of taking agile, the service of repairing the four bodies, through the heart chakra, the practitioner refreshing, floating super-easy, like a green spider contact curtain, riding the wind over the clouds.
《Soul Out Meditation》
The practitioner often has bizarre words and strange actions when running the gong, as if the spirit is out of the body, the soul is separated, treacherous and changeable, and one can take on a hundred.
《The Great Evil Body》
A hundred evils, that is, all the poison is also said. Hundred evil body dharma convergence of the world's evil, can be Yin poisonous gas nourishing the true form of people, so that people's essence is full, the soul clear, calamities run away, the group of ghosts destroy the essence.
《Jieqing 4 Images》
The four elephants are the divisions of the heavens, which govern the four directions. The four elephants of the kingdom of Qing correspond to the distribution of the nine states by the movement of the stars, the practitioner needs to walk the three walls, feet turn the four elephants, until through the wind and travel clouds, a balance of reality and emptiness, then it is a great success.
《Heaven Meditation》
"Thirteen stars in the south of the garden is called the heavenly garden, planting fruits and vegetables in the place also". The Tian Yuan method of nurturing Qi in the Dan Tian, like planting fruits and vegetables in the Xuan Yuan, can make the true Qi accumulate and flourish.
《12 Scrolls of Eastwall》
"The East Wall Book House, the West Garden Han Ink Forest. East wall twelve volumes of books detailing the cycle of yin and Yang, the five elements of the way of life, the theory is extremely mysterious, the language is shallow, it is said that the sages from the wall star operation of the enlightenment.
《Step Sky》
It is a marvelous technique to engrave the stars and images of the heavens into words, so as to clear the mind and clarify the heart, as if walking on the nine heavens.
《Mysterious Scripture》
Xuan Hei is the god of the north, the master of killing. As the saying goes: "Xuan Hei palms the snow, the group of things severe festival", Xuan Hei true scripture on the north, hidden killing machine, can be extremely cold real energy to send infinite power, in the palm of the hand to determine the fate of a person.
Esi Legacy Ginseng
"The door of the call, with the class of the best. The teaching of the response, to be felt. Emotionless still, let's say in the human being". Bisi legacy of the use of the Taoist priest Li Chunfeng from the Tang Dynasty, "Bisi accounted for", is to observe the sky and know the world, induction of life and death and the transformation of the law of things I.
《Galaxy Map》
"Bewildering geography, charming astronomy, four spirits drops the image, ten thousand types of group division". Huntian star map to consider the measurement of the sky, the examination of the stars, check the sky to see the time, in order to understand the personnel, the successful reflect the sky full of stars in the square inch, so it can tend to good luck to avoid evil, the sky knows all.
《Fire Paint Tattoo》
It is a method of applying hot lacquer to the whole body to make one's mind endure and to strengthen the muscles and bones, so that one can withstand hot fire without being invaded by evil.
《Fulong Fire-Engulf》
Fire is the essence of Yang. Fulong Swallowing Fire is a hard practice passed down from generation to generation in the Fulong Altar, and those who have accomplished it can swallow fire into their bellies, turning Yang into essence, hiding their Qi in the Dantian, and not destroying it.
《Pure Qi of Fire》
"Inflammation and light are in the separation, and fire is a powerful virtue". The true qi of the fire of the fire to refine the form, burn out the turbid filth, the light is blazing, the inflammation is blazing, its arrival, can make gold and jade into ashes, the river dried up.
《Divine Jade Yang》
Xiao Yu Yang Shen Gong nourishes the heart and refines the qi, is neutral and prosperous, opens the meridians and nourishes the true essence, so that the practitioner's essence continues to flow, the light is contained within, and the true yang is full.
《Dragon Engulf Elephant》
Wild Dragon Swallowing Elephant Kung Fu is like real fire, bright virtue, fierce and blazing, Yang Qi outside the Sheng, Kung Fu can be evil to nurture the right, condense the essence and refine the spirit, as the wild dragon swallowing elephant, fire to get the salary.
《9 Dragons In One》
As the saying goes: "Xuan Sheng everything, nine to one", nine is the pole of Yang. This method to the body's true qi for the dragon, transformed and the Royal, when the operation of the dragon chanting bursts, as if listening to the wind and rain, there is a sense of the heart should be turned, yin and yang each other, so it is called "nine dragons back to one".
《Demonization》
The devil, that is, the deviant. Into the devil power moves like yang inflammation, burning everything, the more disabled, the more angry, the heart fire blazes, like a mad devil, will be life and death outside, so the great power extraordinary.
《The Great Jade Yang》
Jade is the soul of stone, and Yu Yang is the soul of Yang. The great Yuyang Shen Gong is as powerful as the sun, and the practitioner "opens and closes the nine yang, holds one and contains the yuan, draws in the new and exhales the old, drinks the dew and eats", and can reach the state of the most rigid and pure, resolving the turbidity and returning to the truth.
《Hou Meditation》
The Blood Hind Cult takes evil as its path, with the Hind as its honor, and the Hind Mother Kung Fu emulates the posture of the divine Hind, which is weird and strange, and all the heart methods of the Blood Hind Cult originate from it.
《4 Methods of Dark Corpse》
The dead person's "soul energy returns to the sky, the body returns to the earth", the four bodies gradually cold, Yin Qi is born. Black corpse four techniques is a corpse to help people cultivate the method, practitioners of the corpse gas in the body, the body surface of the common black spots.
《Evil Ghost》
Anyway, it is evil, and the scattered form is ghost. Evil ghost function with the evil spirit of evil ghosts to nourish the human soul, so that the practitioner's spirit away from the form, scattered and changed, like a wild ghost of the soul to wander and scatter, each to its true.
《3 Poisons of Darkness Spell》
The three poisons, namely greed, anger, and foolishness. The Three Poisons Ignorance Mantra uses the seven emotions as a shield and the six desires as a soldier, and the ignorance gives rise to self-realization.
《Moon Shape》
The living are the main yang, the dead are the main yin. Taiyin Refining Form can use the essence of heaven and earth to transform yin energy into meridians and internal organs, achieving the state of nourishing energy and preserving form, non-human and non-ghost.
《The Great 5 Yin》
The Five Netherworlds, namely, "color, subjection, thought, action, and consciousness", are named after the five yin and yang. The five yin dharma takes the five yin as the foundation and the worries as the bait and food, and when it becomes a great success, it can realize that the color is not empty and all evils are not destroyed.
《Children's Blood Sacrifice》
"The child, the human god to the essence also." Child blood refining method abandoning the clear on the turbid, not away from the dirt, attracting evil to return to the yuan, blood defilement of its body, is the evil gas into the Yang God, so that people full of gong forget the form, through the mortal into the saint of the strange art.
《Evil Scripture of Blood Hou》
It is the secret of the Blood Hind Cult that the evil scriptures are observed in impurity and become inverted. Those who have succeeded are free from worldly good and evil, mundane good and evil, and are not disturbed by ignorance and sinful karma, as if they are free from the cage and are enlightened.
《The Great Blood Child》
"A single thought of anger opens the door to millions of obstacles. This method is so bloodthirsty and evil that it can cause the practitioner to lose his conscience and do nothing but evil, thus increasing his power and tyranny, as if the heart of a naked son is dyed with blood, hence the name "Blood Boy Method".
《Lift-Up Jumping》
The practitioner needs to run through the shaking stakes without letting them touch him or her, and when he or she is at ease, the technique is completed.
《Gecko's Crawling》
The most important thing is the power of palm, finger, heel and ankle. If the hand and foot have suction power, they can wander around like a gecko on the high wall.
《Lighten Body》
Light body is Shaolin disciples in the daily weight climbing, running in the practice, practitioners of the form and meaning of the same, persistent, over time, you can be light and fast, running like flying.
《The Great Flip》
The Great Tumbling Art is about bringing the body with the waist, the body turns with the waist, stops when it stops and tumbles when it moves, the user's mind is free of distractions, the tumbling is non-stop, the body shape is like one, all resembling the full moon.
《9 Maps And 6 Statues》
The nine figures of the Six Seated Statues are derived by Shaolin monks from the method of meditation. To practice this method, one must abandon distracting thoughts, join the palms together, return to the truth and break the delusion, and show the posture of meditation at all times.
《Crossing The River With A Reed》
It is said that when the Dharma Master came west, he threw a reed into the water and then stood on it to cross the river. The reed did not work in the direction of the river, did not borrow the momentum of coming and going, did not move with the wind and waves, and did not fall under the mortal dust.
《Shorten Distance》
The bouncing leg shrinkage is about flexible operation, sticky but not stagnant, the use of the leg to send internal energy, step as if popping out, with the immortal shrinkage into an inch, see far as near the posture, hence the name.
《White Ape's Leap》
The White Ape Flying Art is a footwork technique created by the ancestor of Emei, following the example of the White Ape, which allows the user to walk lightly and swiftly, and to reach seven feet with a single breath.
《Unpredictable》
The method is to take the right angle and seek straightness in the arc, which can be said as follows: "If you see, you have, if you move, you go, if you strike, you are empty, if you attack, you have nothing".
《Lotus Displacement》
The Jade Lady moves the lotus step gently, floating and disorienting, running with the change, walking and stopping, the use of the hands and feet, as if the jade hand brushing the lotus in the water, the ripples have not risen, the flowers and leaves pity each other.
《Shuttle's Swift》
Star women throwing spirit shuttle pay attention to "avoiding the real and striking the virtual, the top with the use of the phase, the hand is let, not collected that follow", the use of the body steps have chapter, suddenly come and go, as the flying shuttle general dazzling people.
《Moonlight Shadow》
Thousand ponds moon step virtual and real, natural changes, its footwork is like a reflection in the pool, confusing, traces and invisible, as the saying goes: "the moon prints a thousand ponds, only this month, step on a thousand ponds, only this step".
《Golden Fairy》
The Golden Dome Flying Fairy is a natural, rigid and flexible method, which is said to have been created by the ancestors of Emei when they watched the Golden Dome Flowing Dan and Ming Hui Shine Snow, so that those who use it can enter the air and ride the wind, not knowing where they came from or where they are going.
《Needle Lift-Up》
The method of lifting needles was originally learned by the doctor from the way of moving needles, using the person's qi and intention to reach, step lightly, as lightly lifting the gold needle as small and flexible.
《Shadow Surround》
The movement is soft and graceful, and the steps are connected to each other, so that it can surround the enemy's body like the stem of a petunia flower, which can disturb the mind.
《Flying Needle》
The flying needle shuttle technique is about taking advantage of the gap, hand-eye unity, the use of each needle, the faster the pace, as if the power of the flying needle traction shuttle in the enemy's hand, a foot.
《Needle Driving》
The Royal Needle Walk is complementary to the Hundred Flowers Valley disciple's method of needling and needle use, which can make the form rise with the needle with the intention at the time of needling, and when the needle is transported, the form fits the intention and follows the needle.
《Snow Step》
Snow plum hunting light and natural, Ying Ying like flying, can make people land silent, feet do not touch the dust, even if walking on the blanket of snow, also does not leave a trace.
《Wick of Lamp》
The golden marquee hanging silk is flexible and ingenious, and the intention is alive and divine, just like holding the golden marquee floating lamp with a swimming silk, which is delicate and miraculous, and under the slight traction of the footwork, the danger is always dissolved and the pain is always subsided.
《Jade Step》
As the saying goes, "guide the qi to make it harmonious, guide the body to make it soft". Although it is a footwork technique, it is a miraculous technique of guiding the body to guide the qi, which can transform the turbidity to take away the clear, help the danger and save the death, driven purely by pure internal qi.
《Flower Listen Rain》
It is a complex and delicate style of listening to the rain with no repetition, using the steps and sound rhythm of the performer, moving and turning, just like the drizzling rain, shaking the flowers and fluttering, which can be said: "The boundless drizzle is light like a dream, and the free flying flowers are flowing with the water".
《5 Steps of Plum Poling》
The five-step plum blossom pile is a close-combat footwork, practitioners need to gather on the diameter of the plum blossom pile two by two, and into the retreat, line east on the west, then the gong method is completed.
《8 Trigrams Step》
Bagua step is about rounding the steps, opening and closing freely, adaptive, odd and positive, is a set of orientation of the operation to seize the first opportunity of bodywork.
《Cloud Surround》
The cloud ring step moves freely, the intention is in the shape first, the ring is interlocked, the steps are connected, the body posture swaying like clouds and fog invisible, the steps are light like flying cranes without shadow.
《Big Dipper Step of Heavenly Spirit》
The Big Dipper step is created by the Taoist to imitate the Great Yu, the method of double footed, a step-by-step, walking on the Big Dipper, the righteousness of the aura, to ward off evil, through the mysterious service to the gods.
《The One Step》
The trick says: "two four for the shoulders, six eight for the feet, left three right seven, wear nine shoes a, five in the center". Taiyi Jiugong step is to pay attention to the trend off the transformation, smooth and inverse non-stop, the use of the person through the dodge in the nine palaces, can be false to hit the real, turning evil into good.
《Ladder Climbing》
The stairway to heaven is one of Wudang's most prestigious footwork techniques, which allows the user to step on a dangerous cliff and go straight up without falling, like a bird rising into the air, going straight up to the clouds, free from the fetters of heaven and earth, climbing the invisible yin and yang.
《Cloud Gliding》
Ling Yun Fei Du was created by the founding master of the Wudang school, focusing on gas through all the veins, sensing nature, the intention and gas together, the spirit and the intention together, can make people tiptoeing scenery chasing the wind, flying in the Taixu, travel in the immortal mountains.
《Stone Poling》
The stone pile work is a footwork technique practiced by the disciples of Yuanshan Mountain by running with weight and jumping on the stone piles, which is not only for the exercise of legs and feet, but also for the meaning of hard practice.
《Tiger Stance》
"A fierce tiger stands in front of me, when the cliff roars, it cracks". It is especially good at accumulating leg force, and when the time comes, it is like a tiger leaping out from the mountain.
《Step Alone A Thousand Mile》
The Thousand Mile Solo Walk is the unique footwork of the Great and Small Yuan Mountains, which is extremely hard to cultivate and requires the practitioner to carry heavy lead every day and run at a fast pace until exhaustion, and even heavy walls can be crossed and dangerous hills can be climbed, so that the practitioner can walk a thousand miles alone without feeling hard.
《Mysterious Armor》
The Xuanjia Ding is a rigorous frame, the unity of attack and defense, the use of the body like the Xuan Zhong, legs like a cross bridge, no matter pushing, pulling, twisting, blocking all are not afraid, even if the wind rolls thunder, but also never shaken.
《Shake Mountain》
The Zhenshan step is a simple practice, requiring several years of stomping and kicking on sand, stones, stakes and iron plates.
《Iron Bridge》
Tie Qiao Gong is about tough bones and a strong body, and the waist and horse are united, so that when the practitioner uses it to avoid the enemy, he can bend his body to form a bridge, regardless of the front and back, hence the name.
《Chain of River-Block》
The cross-river lock moves to take the momentum, the force of the whole work of the whole, the use of the limbs flat out, left and right as one, as if the iron lock across the river, the size of the ship, are difficult to cross.
《Lion's Swift》
As the saying goes, "The lion fights swiftly, with the foot of all lines". Lion Fen Xun is to mobilize the whole body strength, so that a person suddenly rise up, the foot striving to walk, swift as a lion and a tiger, the unstoppable body method.
《Ghost Step》
Five ghosts step trick said: "rapid as water and fire, inspired by the wind and thunder, I see its people, people do not know", is to borrow the power of the five ghosts to carry, so that people hide and hide, change the shape of the body method.
《Driving Wind》
The Wind Charm is a unique spell of the Ransan School. The practitioner can use the power of the charm to travel with the wind, which can be said to be "sweeping away the evil spirits, returning to the wind and the spirit, driving the thunder and running clouds, and attaining the Jade Clear".
《Fancy Step》
The Great Mile Step is a step used by Taoists when they are in touch with the true spirit and enlighten the heaven. The Taoist hand is knotted with a Dharma seal, and the foot steps on the seven stars, drawing the earth and pointing to the sky, riding on the platform and performing the discipline, with the purpose of stirring up the turbulence and raising the clarity, taking in the evil and complementing the right.
《Driving Cloud》
The method of raising clouds and fog focuses on the heart as the general, the air as the god, the formation of the form, and the Tao as the true, the practitioner's intention to guard the spiritual platform, the hand as a sword finger, the virtual drawing of the edict, the mouth recitation of the incantation, can make the true spirit descend, the clouds and fog.
《Fairy Footsteps》
The immortal trail step focuses on the material endowment of a qi, divine transformation, can make people get up like the wind, gathering and scattering like clouds, light and fast steps, all around the four dimensions, look at it as if there is a fractal change of energy, so it is difficult to detect.
《Divine Swift》
It is a mantra of "the spirit of the spirit of the spirit".
《Above The Sky》
Ling six virtual is the unique secret method of the Ransan school, can make the body into the six worlds, the gods walk in the void, suddenly out, suddenly gone, such as the immortal "change, flowing around the six virtual, up and down impermanent, rigid and flexible change".
《Fallen Flower》
Plum nodding head heavy skills and not gravity, the use of the light and swift, a touch that is gone, as the plum on the snow falls, the flower branch lightly, and swiftly move.
《Skyscraper Climbing》
The Jade Pavilion is a unique footwork technique of the Xuan Nui School, which enables people to be light as the wind, soft as water, with a beautiful jade posture, the posture of an immortal, broken steps on the flying eaves.
《Farewell Steps》
The parting step is won by the intention, wanting to end but even, the use of the eyebrows with love, look forward to the posture, sometimes fast and sometimes slow, as if leaving, it can be said that a step a broken heart, a turn a soul.
《Afterglow Catching》
Wangxia eight steps of beauty, extremely heavy rhythm, walking between the turn, obsessed with intoxication, step by step, the nature of the people often look at it and drunk, confused in love has gone with it, the heart is broken.
《Rushes To The Moon》
Chang'e moon step soft, wonderful and difficult to say, the use of the hands lightly waved, when the vertical leap up, can float without falling, straight up like smoke, as Chang'e take the elixir, run to the moon to become immortal.
《Learae's Snowsteps》
"The mountain of Gushe, there are gods living there, skin like ice and snow, Nao about like a virgin". Gushe treading snow to nourish the spirit, the true essence of the chemical, can make people out of the dust beyond the ordinary, leisurely like immortals, into and out of a degree, tend to retreat as God.
《Lady Azure's Icesteps》
Green Lady Ice is created after the posture of the Green Lady, using the body around the force, as if facing the abyss, like walking on thin ice, a slight movement will be like a cold arrow leaving the string, a gentle movement will be like a bird scattered.
《Luoshen's Riversteps》
Luo Shen Ling Bo is about moving without constant rules, if dangerous if safe, difficult to move in and out, if going if returning, the user is like riding the wave and coming, stepping on the wave and arriving, as if Ruoxi is like a light cloud covering the moon, swaying like a stream of wind back to the snow.
《Feather Stance》
The feathered clothes can be transformed into a shape, moving heaven and earth's ingenuity, with the work of the mysterious, with the immortal feathered clothes, cloud driving, Yuyao purple sky posture, non-immortal can not know its distance, non-divine Buddha can not identify its reality.
《Wooden Track》
Wooden footwork is created to enable people to overcome the weakness of the foot heel, practitioners need to cut off some flesh and blood on the foot, easy to use wooden organs, through the power of the organ spirit change durable, into a fear of injury attack of the power.
《Car Driving Chapter》
As the saying goes, "The Yellow Emperor made a car, leading heavy to far, serving cattle by horse, to benefit the world". The first part of the chariot is to focus on the strength of the shin and foot, which can make the body shape smooth, as if riding a car, less hindered.
《All Directions》
The eight styles focus on the middle door, the first and the last, the user "high is the frame, straight is the turn, down is the block, oblique is the paddle", so the potential through eight, the body turns six, eight sides of the enemy, all can deal with.
《Tiger Hill Test Sword》
The sword test at Huqiu is based on the method of testing a sword with a stone at the Sword Casting Villa. The person testing the sword needs to have a steady pace and a strong start, and after running and leaping for a very short distance, he or she will use the momentum to strike a blow and split the big stubborn stone.
Stardust Averted Fury
According to legend, when the Zhanlu Sword is completed, "the essence of light penetrates the sky, and the stardust avoids anger". Legend has it that the stardust avoiding anger was created by Ou Ye Zi, the ancestor of sword making, which can make people unite with me, the gods exceed the form, the true energy will be revealed, the body bursts out dazzling light.
《Dragon Riding》
The Dragon Riding Technique is a unique footwork technique of Casting Sword Villa, which can drive the human skeleton with the power of organ operation, enabling a person to harness things with the will, moving in the air, rising and falling, without fear, just like riding the wind and the dragon, galloping in the clouds and the sky.
The "Heavenly Opening Stream Meteoric Style
Its momentum starts like a thunder shock, flashing like a lightning extinction, which can make people break the air and fall from the sky, looking as if the sky is on fire and the stars are falling to the ground.
《Flying On The Grass》
Flying on the grass is a set of exercise legs and feet, waist and abdominal strength, so that people light body speed, healthy step like flying body method, the use of the person in the foot, lifting the body up, can even point the tip of the grass and not make the grass ambush.
《Cliff Hanging Pot》
The cliff hanging kettle is about watching the six directions, listening to the eight directions, taking advantage of the situation, and using the speed and slowness, which was created by the ancestors of Kongsang when they were picking herbs and opening the way to find the way in the cliffs and deep valleys and dangerous beaches.
《Shatang's Watersteps》
Shatang comes from the hill of Kunlun, and eating it makes people not drown. Shatang Treading Water is a set of footwork techniques that enables one to run and leap on water as if one were treading on water, without sinking or drowning.
《Skyline of Mt.Chai》
Chai Mountain One Line Sky is a footwork technique practiced by ancient people to avoid the frequent falling rocks in the dangerous roads of overseas Chai Mountain.
《Flood Dragon Stirs Ocean》
Green Jiao haunted the sea power hair whole body, in the stand, lying down, stoop, back between all can take the momentum, like a dragon playing the sea, galloping longitudinal leap, swim in the air and up, roll the tide and raise the wave, unrestrained, unstoppable.
《Stone Sink》
To practice the stone trapping foot, one foot should be on the ground, one foot on the pile, alternating between the two feet, lifting the body and rising up, the successful person stomps hard and can trap the stone pile in the ground, hence the name.
《Immobilize》
When it is not moving, the lower plate is like a pile building a platform, rooted in the ground; when it is shifting, the body is like a stone statue shifting, though it is moving.
《Vajra Stance》
The Vajradhatu method focuses on the movement of the fixed, God-shaped as one, the use of the legs into a bow, hands knotted treasure seal, solid in the choke guard, out of the dark to the light, as the appearance of the Vajra Dharma, not angry from the authority.
《Divine Footsteps》
It is one of the six divine powers of Buddhism. It is the method of making the body and mind as desired by the divine realm of wisdom and evidence, and the practitioner holds the mind as if it were empty and sees the reality, so he can move far away and make it near, and come without going.
《Snake Crawling》
The snake is like a spiritual snake, which needs to move and transfer between wooden piles and narrow slits in order to be practiced, and the user circles around and twists and turns, sometimes waiting for an opportunity to move, sometimes rising up to hurt.
《Breakthrough Swamp》
The mud puddle is about the flat start and fall, round shoulders and straight back, and the practitioner needs to run in the mud and quicksand until he can walk and turn freely and see the obstacle as nothing, then this is a great achievement.
《Toad Leap》
Toad longitudinal jumping work to take the shape of the toad, pay attention to the waist, leg force, the use of the legs bent, lying on the ground, hands and feet false press, a moment and hair, bending and re-stretching, fall and speed up, so the faster you run, layers of stacked potential.
《Flying Head》
The Flying Head Technique is a unique technique in which the qi travels in the void and the head is used to carry the energy. The user can leap up without moving the hands and feet, and it looks as if the head carries the body and flies straight up, and it is said that when the practice reaches the realm of perfection, the body and head can be separated and the soul can hurt people.
《Rope Overhang》
Jade rope hanging upside down is the five immortal religion of the strange skill, can make people head down on the feet, flying backwards in the air, if the jade rope tied, floating like a ghost, like a god, can not be measured by common sense.
《Hundred Feet's Drill》
The vanish hundred foot immortal imitates the centipede, focusing on the winding cicada circling, trails like a mystery, can be close to the ground and walk, action like the wind, and when the enemy can use hands and feet, difficult to stop.
《Sky Snake Rolling》
Heavenly snake flip is a unique secret method of the Five Immortals Church, non-teaching saints can not practice, the practitioner's body like soft water, as boneless, can be tilted up and down at will, flip and fly, like a snake on the fog, long auger into the sea.
《A Hundred Feet Poling》
The Hundred Feet Pile is a footwork used by the disciples of KAI Qing to jump and strike on the 100-foot wooden pillars. It is extremely dangerous when practiced, so only those who abandon distracting thoughts and disregard life and death can use it freely.
《Traceless 6 Steps》
The six untraceable steps are light and fast, cleverly moving and changing with great speed, and the shape and the magic are designed to take the enemy's unthought of and unseen path, so it seems to be untraceable and untraceable.
《Carefree Step》
The carefree step focuses on the outside loose and tight inside, showing the enemy to be weak, the use of the person although the hidden murderous opportunity, but like ordinary pacing general free worry-free, calm and unhurried, so often people are not on guard.
《Sky River Walk》
The Tianhe wandering step is a step that can move the breath of the enemy and me, and the person who uses it is like a star turning, floating and light, as if the sky stars are returning to the river and Han, and the flow is endless, and the true energy flows.
《Take 5 Cars》
Ride five cars all by the real gas harness, the use of the line does not send feet, landing silent, look like driving five cars, swimming in the star river above the sea of clouds, hence the name.
《Divine Rope》
Gods and goddesses ask for images in the sky and take shape in things, which can make people go straight up and down, as if they are climbing a gods and goddesses rope without seeing the end of it, and the enemy can hardly recognize my height, do not know my distance, and do not know where I am.
《Seven-Star Spin》
The Seven Stars Flying Spiral is a set of footwork techniques that rely on the rapid rotation of the whole body to achieve a change of shape, so that people are as fast as lightning, the user moves to take the momentum, the idea is to reach.
《Heaven Leap》
It is a secret method not passed down by the Green Sect. The user only needs to point his feet to the ground, and then he can leap straight up without warning, as if he can leap from the abyss to the sky.
《Moving Star》
It is the way to change the direction from the movement of the stars, and the user dives into the interplay of light and darkness, like entering the realm of no one and no self, randomly setting up the situation, seemingly real and virtual, coming and going without a trace, knowing the ghosts and the gods.
《Barefoot》
Barefoot Kung Fu is the unique pile work of the Fulong Temple, the practitioner steps on the bare ground of the volcano with bare feet, seeing the hot earth as a straight path, so it can not fall in the wind and rain, as stable as a mountain.
《Drunk 8 Immortals》
The Drunken Eight Immortals Step is created by imitating the form of the Drunken Eight Immortals. The user's body is tilted and the footsteps stumble, seemingly without any rules and regulations and unbearable to hit, but in fact, it is elegant and free, and the form is drunken and awake.
《Dragon Tail》
It is said that the dragon has scales of rebellion, and those who touch it will die. Dragon tail swinging is about the lower plate force, sudden and sudden, the user is thunderous, the rise and fall of the hidden force, like the divine dragon swinging tail, fierce tiger parrying people.
《Dragon Leap》
"Angry waves stack the silver sea, Fulong leaps across the waves". Fulong leaps with a low posture, using the real without the imaginary, when running the power, need the whole body force, do not leave room, between the longitudinal leap, only to see the wind and waves, power cascade constantly.
《Wind Fire Stance》
Wind and fire true shape trick is about "wind and fire without constant momentum, with me to show the true shape", this trick can not be harnessed unless the internal force is pure, the user can call the power of wind and fire, a leap into the air, the eyes can not reach.
《Drunk Lying In The East Sea》
Drunkenness in the East Sea is about false guard and real development, taking the momentum by lying down, using the person's steps like pouring, walking like flying clouds, hiding the law in the drunkenness, unrestrained and wild, it can be said: "the earth turns to the fierce wind, the sky back to the main pillar pouring, drunken drinking under the torrent, the sea day meditation".
《Fox Move》
Ravens scurrying art is a door in the actual battle of the art of escape, the use of a leap up, feet running wildly, left and right, not a moment to look back.
《Tomb Escape》
"Break the grave and dig the earth to know the birthplace, borrow the ground and escape death". The grave is easy to learn and difficult to master, when using it, you need to move your whole body, use all four bodies, raise the sand with your feet and dig the ground with your hands.
《Ghost Move》
As the saying goes: "Essence is the thing, the wandering soul is the change". The wandering soul tricky step eerie and treacherous, unpredictable, the use of the four body cold, pale, moving then Yin wind, like a ghost at night, daytime wandering soul.
《Ghost Hou's Rage》
The hawk is a thing, the spirit of the earth. When executing the Ghost Hollow Earthquake method, you need to first insert your hands and feet into the ground to take the energy from the ground, and then spin your body and leap up to send the force of stirring the sky and pounding the ground, which is difficult to resist.
《Flying Zombies》
Flying corpse Nuo dance originally for the dance of the sacrifice of the hawk, the dancers if crazy, not like a living person, no terror in the heart, but also no awareness, not to follow the normal reasoning and move, so it can send out strange power.
《Lying Beside Tiger》
Crouching Tiger Kung Fu is the outer strength of the Shaolin school, practitioners need to torso in the air, hands and feet on the ground, the shape of a tiger, or flex or stretch, and even gas surge force, five bodies hide strength, even by the sword can easily resist.
《18 Rollings》
The Eighteen Falls of Clothes is a technique of grappling and wrestling, because its mastery can take advantage of the momentum and borrow the force, and even eliminate with the fight, in a turn of the elbow, a drop of the knee to make the opponent clothe and fall, so the name.
《Heavy Stance》
Thousand jin fall, the waist and abdomen in the force, qi sinking, transport this work, can make the body does not move, the feet do not move, as a thousand pounds of boulders, difficult to shake.
《Iron Skin》
Practice the bronze man method, need to be infused with true qi in the limbs and bones, and then experience a thousand times a hard object to hit, in order to make the flesh as strong as bronze, the potential can not be penetrated.
《Golden Bell Sheild》
Although it is extremely difficult to practice, it can eliminate the dead points around the body and make the muscles and bones, blood and flesh as solid and stable as a golden bell.
《Arhat's Stick Formation》
The small Luohan stick formation is born from the Shaolin 18 Luohan formation, which is created by the monks who protect the temple, and the formation is in succession, circulating endlessly, shaped like a vajra treasure circle, unbreakable.
《Buddhism Lion Roar》
"The great sound of the Buddha's dharma is destroyed by all foreigners. Like the roar of the master, all the beasts are terrified". The Buddha's lion's roar needs to be based on pure internal strength, and its sound is like a bang on the head, a thunderstorm, which can deafen and deafen and deter evil.
《Mixed Element In One》
The hybrid element is the beginning of creation before heaven and earth are divided. The mixed element a qi gong is a combination of rigidity and flexibility, yin and yang, the messenger can create a three-foot wall of qi in front of his body, eliminating all the energy in the invisible.
《Vajra Defence》
Golden body protection divine skill is the first of the seventy-two Shaolin techniques, gong into the empty state of mind, body like fine gold, can be invisible astral envelope the whole body, regardless of knife chopping, axe chopping, gun stabbing, falling stones, car crushing can not hurt its hairs, move its inch.
《Emei Tiger Step》
Emei Tiger Stance is a method of "rounding the body, collecting and releasing hidden energy, tumbling like a dragon and moving like a tiger", which is a way to use the movement of the steps to nourish the body and mind and strengthen the body.
《Unintentional Mind》
It is said that if a practitioner can achieve the state of "no attachment, no attachment", he or she can achieve the state of no move is better than a move.
《Multifarious》
This method is created by the ancestor of Emei for the purpose of combining the essence of various sects of gong methods, and the contents are so complicated and numerous that it is difficult for ordinary people to learn them all.
《Boneless Stance》
The method of "Bone Free" emphasizes the stretching of the body and the flexibility of the stance.
《Quiet Return In One》
"The one who is clear and quiet is the most virtuous; the one who is invisible is also the one". The method of clearing and quieting to one, no action, no work, no competition with all things, so all the qi force can not be applied to it.
《4 Images of Lotus Formation》
The Four Elephants Lotus Formation takes the image of lotus, which is profound and subtle. The formers stand in four directions, the true qi is connected, the distracting thoughts can be eliminated, all the omissions can be exhausted, just like the lotus flower, the body is pure and not stained.
《Immortal Yang's Golden Body》
"Yang Xian Gong, the world does not know his longevity, can enter the mountains and tigers and leopards fight play, to tame and go". According to legend, this method can take advantage of the Yang Xian Gong's power, the operator can fight and devour in the waves, on top of the dangerous mountain, the body is indestructible, no one can destroy.
《Seven-Star Cross Chain》
"The seven stars of the Big Dipper are in the north of Tai Wei, the pivot of the seven governments, and the origin of yin and yang. According to legend, the seven stars are also the response of the seven spirits, and the seven stars cross the chain is the arrival of the heavenly machine, and the seven spirits are connected with each other, then the fate of the destiny has been achieved.
《Holy Light Inspiration》
"The spiritual mountain hides spiritual wisdom, the Taoist seeks the truth of the Tao, the righteousness bears the right fruit, the sage enlightens the holy lamp". This technique has the spirit of heaven and earth and the wonders of creation, which can enlighten the true virtue, soothe all beings, and dispel a thousand kinds of demons and all kinds of sufferings.
《36 Moves of Needle Change》
The 36 Hands Easy Needle Technique focuses on "hiding needles in fingers, waiting for the time to move", with a total of 36 variations such as hiding, changing, closing and taking.
《Net Clothes》
The method of purifying clothes to ward off evil, said "clean body to avoid harm, evil does not fall", is to cleanse oneself with Dantian true qi, so as to drive away evil spirits, to resist poisonous harm of the method.
《Herb Moxibustion》
The needle is then applied to the meridian points of the human body with a unique technique of pecking like a sparrow, so that the turbid air will disappear when it meets it, as if it were ice, which is the method of pecking.
《Mixed Needle》
Chaotic acupuncture points is a unique method of using needles in Hundred Flowers Valley, can take multiple points with one needle, a Qi rush several levels, it can be said that the chaos in the right, the danger in the life, so it is difficult to perform without medical skills.
《Yinyang Reverse》
Qi is divided into clear and turbid, and the veins have yin and yang. The method of reversing the yin and yang veins can reverse the flow of qi and blood in a short period of time, turning injuries and harm into blessings and benefits, without being injured by the reversal of qi and blood.
《Shifting of 12 Meridians》
The world's acupuncture points and cut off the pulse of the method, not always with a fixed meridian flow, camping and health running trend as the basis, but the twelve meridians can be changed in a moment, shifting the meridian, it is difficult to understand, it is difficult to do.
《8 Doors of Live Or Dead》
"The eight gates of life and death are divided into eight gates, and the eight gates are divided into yin and yang. The Eight Gates of Life and Death method is based on the flow of the Qi meridians and the operation of the eight veins. The practitioner can turn adversity into smoothness, turn danger into safety, and heal injuries by the power of Qi and blood rushing chaos, thus setting up a place of death.
《Ice Condensate of Blood》
The Sea of Blood is the source of blood energy, and its point is in the abdomen. The Blood Sea Ice Condensation Technique can bring the poison around the body into the Sea of Qi and condense it into ice, thus protecting the veins so that the poison will not travel and harm the body.
《Perfect Unbreakable》
"The way of the five viscera is to move blood and qi. If the five qi are not in harmony, all diseases will arise. The method of the unbreakable jade can combine the five bloods into one blood, and transform the five qi into one qi, and this eliminates the other helps, and this deficiency makes up for the other, so that it is like an ocean, with no deficiency and no leakage, and no deficiency.
《Wudang Iron Clothes》
Wudang Iron Cloth Shirt is a combination of internal and external cultivation, yin and yang, both the art of guiding and exhaling, as well as horizontal practice of external strength, focusing on the intention to guard the Dantian, with the momentum off the transformation of soft into rigid, turning rigid into soft.
《Sword Formation of The 3 Elements》
Heaven, earth and man are called the Three Talents. The three talents sword formation is shaped like the character "Pin", which alludes to the "I Ching" theory of the three creatures, the guardian of the formation needs to follow the position and move, randomly and hair, back and forth response, each other as horns.
《Cloud Bed》
As the saying goes, "Fire is performed in the stillness, and the rejuvenating elixir is formed in the stillness". Cloud Bed Nine Practices is a Taoist gongfu method that takes the spirit as the medicine and the stillness as the fire, which enables people to concentrate their mind and purify their thoughts and concentrate on their qi to make them soft during sleep.
《Yinyang Recycle》
The heart and mind are still and moving, which is called Yin and Yang; the circulation of essence is called the Zhoutian. As the saying goes: "Once the circumference of the sky is clear, all diseases will not arise. The method of Yin and Yang Circumference can guide the true qi and unblock the qi and blood, which is the basis of internal meditation.
《5 Qi In One》
Five Qi Chao Yuan Gong is a Taoist method of cultivating the five Qi in the body and achieving the inner elixir. The practitioner does not see, hear, speak, hear, or move, so that the spirit is kept within and the mind does not follow things, turning the five qi into one, returning seven to nine, and becoming a jade elixir.
《True Art Demon Slaying》
Zhenwu Demon Dangling Formation takes the law of heaven and earth, the formation is rigorous, its shape is in line with the image of the Big Dipper, which can be clearly divided into the calendar discipline, the pro system in all directions, its potential is vast and powerful, awe-inspiring, can make the evil spirits far away, the power is far away.
《Endless Power》
"Yin and Yang, the one and the same. Taiji is also Wuji". There is no definite form and no definite style of Wuji strength, and its method is "soft and weak to win over strong, safe and smooth to fix the chaos, and follow the rules to adapt, always after and compete with the first".
《3 Flower On Top》
"The three elements of God, Qi and Essence are the same root as heaven and earth, and the same body as all things. After the practitioner has refined the essence into qi, refined qi into god, and refined god back to the void, the three flowers will be born, and the three yang will be gathered together, then it will be called "San Hua Ju Deng", which is the realm of saintly brightness.
《9 Rollings》
The nine rolls and eighteen falls are about rolling and falling together, following the trend, and the practitioner needs to continuously fall and roll in all directions on the sand and mountain slopes until he is not afraid of the enemy and does not get hurt when he falls to the ground, then this technique will be completed.
《Sword Or Blade》
The method of both knife and sword focuses on the "knife for the shape of the sword, the sword trend", and the messenger can integrate the fierceness of the knife and the agility of the sword into one, so that they complement each other and change.
《Yuanshan 7 Formations》
Yuanshan Seven Deadly Formation, is to kill with one heart, a forward, the formation is rigorous law, the same into the same retreat, scattered like a star fire to start a prairie, gathered as a sword to remove the demon.
《Golden Blade Fist》
"The cave is not bound by the intention of the golden lock, and there is no system to go and come back". The Golden Blade for Palm is practiced in the Golden Blade Formation where the knives hang upside down. The practitioner does not use external force, but only resists with the palm of the flesh, and over time, he can achieve the realm of "recognizing the momentum of the knives and not getting hurt".
《Sakyamuni Elephant Throwing》
According to legend, when Sakyamuni was a prince, he threw an elephant into the sky, and after three days, the elephant fell to the ground. The elephant-throwing technique is based on Taoism and hard work, and it can make the body and mind complete and burst with great power.
《Divine Mysterious》
Taibu is the master of the three omens, the three changes, and the three dreams, and is the master of divination for the Son of Heaven. The mystery of Tai Divination is subtle and refined, which is handed down by ancient diviners, and can help people understand the movement of directions, the fortune of coming and going, and the changes of death and life.
《Ultra Alpha Reflection》
"In the beginning there was nothing, and there was nothing without a name. The origin of one, there is one but not yet formed". The beginning of the return of the Tibetan know-how is not exhausted, the law does not need to be complete, but through the beginning of all things, into the beginning of a gas, the practitioner can become the unaccomplished work, into the infinite, the back of the indestructible.
《Iron Head of Lion Phase》
The lion phase iron head kung fu needs to hit the head with a hard object in order to practice, this kung fu can make a person's head as hard as iron, swords and spears can not enter, but the beginner without true qi protection, it is inevitable that the head is broken and bleeding.
《Comrade Service》
As the saying goes: "Soldiers have heard of clumsy speed, but have not seen the ingenuity of the long time". Soldiers heard of the clumsy speed to focus on "to win with speed, without the use of ingenuity, attack and will take, the movement is not confused", both the method of using the military, but also for the way to survive.
The "Loss of Rigidity and Gain of Flexibility
"To trap the enemy's momentum, not to fight; to lose rigidity and gain flexibility". It is a horizontal training method of the lion-phase door to protect the softness with rigidity and respond to the emptiness with reality.
《Overlord's Tripot Lifting》
The king lifts the tripod, which is fierce and unmatched, is the method of the lion's phase door, and the practitioner's force starts from the tendons, and the section is strong, lifting the weight as if it were light, brave and overpowering, like the king pulling up the mountain.
《Lion Roar》
Lion whistling power is amazing, need to use the momentum of the disabled and issued, the operator of the power to draw the utterance of a long whistle, vaguely like thunder, if performed by a person with strong internal force, there are echoes for miles away, the hearers are horrified.
《Overlord's Armor Absorb》
"Resist the addition of soldiers, the mourner wins". According to legend, the King of Hegemony unarmor work was created by Xiang Yu, the King of Western Chu, in a desperate situation, is in the battle formation of nine deaths, sacrificing life to death, there is no return to the method of fighting for life.
《5 Ghosts Handling》
The five ghosts carrying method is a Taoist spell, the recipe says: "mountain dragon Lianzhen has the direction, water dragon huge door see water", the practitioner needs to purify the heart and sincerity, with a spiritual talisman as a guide, to invite the five ghosts, so that there is nothing to change, in order to change the reality.
《Vision Enhanced》
"One is long-eyed, two is flying ears, three is tree bright". This work is the Ransan school of distant vision, listening, defending the thought of the work, the work of the five senses clear, can know a thousand miles away, hidden in the micro, so called "long eyes and flying ears work".
《Yinyang Eye》
The Yin-Yang Eye Technique is both real and illusory, and is very mysterious. Practitioners can infuse their true qi into their eyes, so that people will be confused and have a sense of yin and yang confusion, and their minds will be dispersed.
《The Great Dementor》
As the saying goes, "Taiyi guards the skeleton, Tai Shang regulates the soul". The Soul Revealing Technique uses the talismanic diagram as a guide and the incantation as a supplement, which is an esoteric heart technique to detain the human soul with the power of the gods and eliminate ghosts and demons.
《Formation of 6 Men 6 Armor》
The trick says: "the upper should be the Big Dipper, the lower to ward off inauspicious, ten thousand essence aversion ambush, the direction of no calamity". Six ding and six armor formation is the unique magic of the Ransan school, the practitioner can summon the heavenly soldiers to protect the law, the strong wind and thunder, the service of a hundred gods.
《Spell of Heavenly Spirit》
The incantation of the Heavenly Dipper is a powerful incantation, which can help the practitioner to be chaste and white inside and outside, and eliminate evil spirits.
《Elephant Imitation》
"Words have an image, things have a ratio. It has an elephant than, to view the next". Elephant simulation than turn work is the ancestor of the Ghost Valley created, the law of its desire to take anti and, want to real anti virtual, can be invisible to seek a sound, to do nothing and to do nothing.
《Thousands Incarnation Return》
"The sage is also the first of all beings in heaven and earth. The sage is the first to observe the opening and closing of the yin and yang in order to order things, to plan the end and beginning of all kinds of things, and to guard the gateway to them. The method of the return of all things to the past and the return of all things to the future, following the way of the sage, can bring all things back to their original.
《Pure Virgin》
The method of ice and jade purity, said: "hold the body, practice essence and nourish the will", is to enable people to nourish the essence of the spirit, through the heaven and earth, so that the appearance of clear posture, demeanor off the beaten track Xuan female school of strange techniques.
《Reclamation Stance》
"The bird of Jingwei flies to the west, and the eastern sea is not filled". Although there are only four variations of the Jingwei reclamation style, namely, articulation, throwing, rising, and falling, it is difficult to solve all of them, as Jingwei moves mountains and seas back and forth and continues to do so.
《Dark Jade Practice》
Ink jade, the more black and more valuable, although black and does not change its purity. This work starts under the central pole and ends between the heart, is to lead the Xuan Yin true qi back to the house of the hundred gods, can fix the heart and concentrate the mind, turn miscellaneous thoughts into true thoughts.
《Formation of Scattered Flowers》
The Tianmu Scattering Flower Formation is about "wandering and pulling, moving with the wind, coming and going at will, floating without a trace", the viewer is often enchanted, as if in the cloud palace immortal palace, so much so that they do not know the distance, forgetting the reality.
《Rainbow Fairy Dress》
Xiashu immortal clothing method of emptiness and naturalness, tantalizing the existence of the true, the operator of the work of leading the bright light for the track, condensing the clear air for the clothing, such as can ride the wind and whisk the clouds, at will to come and go, it is: "under the slaughter of orchids and cypress, on the brush feather cover, ethereal Huhuhu, if the gods of the imitation of Buddha.
《Mirror Flower Water Moon》
"Once the lofty pillars are destroyed, the water and moon are mirrored, and there is no mind to go". The method of mirroring the water and moon can turn the mind into a mirror, reflecting thousands of thoughts, mixing reality with reality, making people confused and at a loss for words.
《Stance of Nuwa's Sky-Mending》
The Nüwa Mending Style uses the sea of qi as chaos and the chakras as yin and yang, which can harmonize with the clear and turbid, stop the evil, revive the vitality and stop the harm, and has the power to mend the heavens and correct the four extremes.
《Skillful Hands》
"A gentleman is not different in nature, but good at pretending to be something". The seven hands and eight feet work is created by the craftsman, can use the momentum of the artifacts into my mighty wind, follow the artifacts of the benefit to help me come and go, the more artifacts you carry, the more convenient.
《Wooden Armor》
Wooden armor protection method is one of the Casting Sword Villa's protection methods. Those who want to practice this method need to set numerous small organs on their torsos, so as to remove the force and protect their bodies when they encounter enemies.
《14 Methods of Real Steel》
The 14 techniques are practiced by the craftsmen when they repeatedly hammer and carve the objects. The practitioners can detect the weaknesses and gaps of the objects from the sound of their impact and waving, and use their weaknesses to make my strengths.
《Mechanical Formation》
As the saying goes: "the divine mechanism is divided into ten thousand images, the wise eye sees the reality". Divine machine formation by the array of the array of organs, the eye can use the organs to detect the reality, to avoid the danger, moving will have success, such as a divine help.
《Heavenly Armor》
Mortal weapons have quality, but divine armor is invisible. The Heavenly Soldier Armor Technique is a method to fill the gaps with internal force in the armor and turn the void into reality, which can turn ordinary iron into fine gold, not to be destroyed by external force.
《Exquisite 9》
"The nine orifices, the five Tibetans and the twelve sections are all connected to the weather". The method of the nine exquisite orifices is difficult to be understood by non-skilled workers, and difficult to be accomplished by non-skilled craftsmen. The spirit of treasures can nourish the nine orifices, so that people can be filled with internal and external escape, and their vitality is complete.
《Forge Mysterious Iron》
The method of the Heavenly Casting Xuan Iron Book is written on top of the Heavenly Iron, which is made in Heaven and written by an extraordinary person. This book has two pages, recording thirty types of iron, nineteen types of gold and Ying, seven strange mountains and five earth veins, describing all the changes in them.
《4 Finger Azure Cream》
The Four Finger Green Ointment is a method of applying the green juice of 100 herbs to the four fingers, and then applying the medicine with clever techniques such as wiping, melting, cutting and sealing.
《3 Books of 9-Steps》
As the saying goes, "There are three parts of the human body, and there are three gestures in each part". The Three Parts and Nine Marks Method uses pulse cutting and diagnosis to examine the upper, middle and lower parts of the human body, and each part has three marks of heaven, earth and man.
《Visceral Anatomy》
Bone cutting method is the art of dissecting the human body, not ordinary medical techniques, this method from the skin to the internal organs, from the bones to the blood marrow, the vital points of the person, the mystery of the key, there is no knowledge.
《Anti-Poisoning》
Wu Huang, or five herbs with yellow in their names, are used in the evil months to ward off evil spirits. Wu Huang is used as a guide to ward off all kinds of poisons and plague, so that Yang energy can be generated and Yin evil can be dispersed.
《Meridian Benzoin》
"Spring, summer, autumn harvest, winter storage, the qi of the normal, people should also be, to a day divided into four times". Ziwu resting incense in line with the theory of the operation of the Ying and Wei, deep into the meridians and tunnels, can make the intermediary Shen Qi return to hide, sleepy and restful.
《Blood Transfusion》
"When Qi is strong, blood moves; when Qi is weak, blood stops". It requires internal force to guide the blood in the body, or to change the speed of qi and blood operation, or to change the flow direction of qi and blood operation.
《White Water Long Live Method》
White water comes from the mountain of Kunlun and is immortal when drunk. The White Water method of immortality is born from the art of yellow and white, and its method is to help people open their meridians with the bias of medicine and poison, so that the source of true qi is inexhaustible, just like an immortal who takes the divine elixir, and lives forever, with the heaven and earth.
《Flood Dragon's Bone Regeneration》
"Like a dragon, floating in the clouds, thunder and lightning, the bamboo is high, galloping wind and rain, swimming infinity. The Qing Jiao Bone work is about "ascending to the void, floating and clearing", which is used to regenerate flesh and bones, and to renew yin and yang.
《9 Colored Jade Cicada》
Jade cicada is described to get through the metamorphosis from and reborn without the dirt of mortal world. 9 colored jade cicada helps transform your YuanJing into YuanHun and restore it. It is said that whoever practice it will never die if the inner Qi is not evanished.
《Go With The Flow》
"Life and quiet, the nature of nature also. To be moved by feeling things is also the desire of nature". The method of following one's desire is developed by one's nature, and the practitioner can move according to his desire, regardless of gains and losses, because of the feeling of things, without any constraint.
《Take The Pulse》
As the saying goes, "When the pulse path is opened, the blood and qi will move". Take the pulse gong Stance is complicated but not chaotic, straight to the point, is through the pinch pulse door and make the person's qi and blood can not, can not move the technique.
《Muscle Displacement Bone Contraction》
It is a method to control one's joints and bones so that one's body can shrink steeply without leaving any gap between the muscles and flesh.
《7 Wheel Induction》
The three chakras and seven chakras are where the spiritual energy of the human body is gathered. Practitioners of the seven chakra induction method need to begin with meditation, contemplating the body, and then become aware of the flow of qi and chakra rotation in the body, so that the body and mind can correspond and move freely.
《Mandala Mantra》
It is the secret of the Buddha's sect. The practitioner's heart draws the precious seal and his mouth speaks the true words, which can open the path of Bodhi and break the door of hell.
《Vidya-Raja Fire》
The Buddha's fire meditation is a method of meditation through visualizing the spiritual heat in the belly. The practitioner can see the five phases of smoke, fire, sunlight, light, and green sky, etc. The three poisons are destroyed by the blazing fire, and the light of wisdom is achieved.
《The Great Handprint》
It is said that the Mahamudra was sealed by the Buddha's own hands, and that it permeates all the dharmas of life, death and nirvana, so that it has the supreme virtue and can be used for all things.
《Buddha Body》
“One who sees me become bodhi-hearted, the one who hears my name will stop evil behaviors and start to do good. One who learn my method gets the great wisdom, one who knows my heart becomes Buddha.”Only the greatest ones can reach the final stage of the method.
《Lost Worm Incense》
The incense can be used as bait for a hundred poisons, blood for food, is the five immortal religion will be the enemy body Yin turbid Qi into the Gu of the feeding method.
《Disgusting Miasma》
The seven emotions are joy, anger, sorrow, fear, love, evil and desire. Although this incense is colorless and tasteless, it can disturb the mind and cause the seven emotions to be depressed and tormented within.
《Ruby 9 Worms》
Red jade nine incense insect is like red jade, the body has a strange fragrance, from the southwest mountains, like to eat poison. Five immortal sect disciples with a secret method to plant this insect into the body, can make it move with the change of toxicity, so as to stimulate the acupuncture points, stimulate the host ferocity.
《Insanity Spell》
Exterminate the Gu incantation is to feed the Gu of people passed down, only "aversion to the charm of the Gu, the incantation of the ghoul, who harm me, return to myself" sixteen words, but can make the Gu insects broken life bad body, do not dare to harm, can be described as out there is God, words and will be spiritual.
《Blood Dolls》
The Blood Puppet Breaking Method is extremely insidious and poisonous, it is a secret technique that uses the essence as a guide to make people drift off and kill themselves, the person who is hit by this technique will certainly lose his soul and soul injury, and the practitioner will not be immune to its repercussions.
《Ghost Breath》
The poison of soul-killing breath is hidden between the lips and teeth, which is made of old rotting corpses, and when it is spat out, it is like black clouds covering the sun and ten thousand locusts flying together, so it is called "the gods lose their guts and evil spirits lose their souls".
《Silkworm Insanity》
Heavenly silkworm devouring Gu is mild, colorless and invisible, not to feed on the Gu, but can be harnessed by it Gu and absorb true energy, this is the secret of the Five Immortals Church of the strange Gu, non-meritorious to the Holy Church can not be granted.
《Ghost Included》
The ghost surrender technique can be invisible, with the dance to subdue the gods, is the ancient wizard to communicate with the gods, the service of all the ghosts of the strange art, in this technique, all see the ghost shape, ears hear the ghost sound, and even the gods rebellious, behavior crazy.
《Sky Snake Bone Exchange》
"A dragon and a snake, with the time to change". Heavenly Snake Bone Replacement Technique is to turn the strange poison into the bone marrow, so as to give birth to the disability to mend the deficiency, prolong life and protect the body of the Five Immortals Church secret method, the success of the bones are soft, the body has a mysterious light, but also often due to the strange poison and gradually lose weight.
《Sky Bridge》
As the saying goes, "The golden formula is easy to obtain, but the star degree is mysterious. The method of Tian Guan Tong can connect hundreds of acupuncture points in the body into one, so that they are as weak as the stars in the sky, so that they are stronger and weaker, so that they can help a person to move the qi and transform the momentum, and win in reverse.
《River Immortals Wedding》
Hebe is the god of river water, can make wind and waves, swim in the river by dragon. He Bo married a wife can make the true qi rushing like river water, roll the enemy's qi, so that his qi for my use.
《6 Turn of Royal》
The method of the Sixth Turn of the Heavenly Décor is like water and invisible, with dark currents, the operator can harness the enemy's true qi for his own use when the enemy's internal force is flowing, just like the flow of the heavenly river and a hundred rivers into the sea.
《8 Threads of Frozen》
"The meridians, so move blood and yin and Yang, moisten the tendons and bones, and benefit the joints". The method of the eight veins of cold ice is to freeze the eight veins instantly with the internal force into cold ice gas, making them as solid as ice and difficult to hurt and destroy for a while.
《Formation of 6 Stars》
As the saying goes, "The Northern Dipper injects death, and the Southern Dipper injects life". The Six Stars of the Southern Dipper Formation is based on the stars of the Southern Dipper, and the formations are mutually supportive of each other, so that they can give birth to the true and concentrated spirit, and biochemistry of all things.
《9 Star Eye》
As the saying goes, "The sky has nine yao, and people have nine tricks. Nine yao, also known as the Nine Executioners, can ward off demons and evil spirits, as well as master misfortune. The Nine Obsidian Astrologer's Eye is a method to help people to open up the orifices and store the gods in the sky. The eyes of the practitioner are bright and shining, and he can detect the battle opportunities by virtue of the astrological signs, just like the astrologer lends his eyes, which is invincible.
The "Seven Elements of the Great Law of Ease
"Seven elements of the true ruler, the spirit of the North Pole, to the true regeneration of ghosts, the group of devils destroyed tilted". The seven elements of the great method is to put people to death and then life, not into a desperate situation can not be easily performed, the more devastated the operator, the more effective this technique.
《Anger Face》
Angry phase work all by the mind and hair, it is the Fulong altar to anger to help the method, the operator of the power of the eyebrows, hair on the finger, can be a horrific sound to destroy the external enemy.
《Dragon Looks Back》
The Dragon's Head Return is about "intention in force, instantaneous release and instantaneous retraction", the practitioner's qi travels throughout the body and comes out when he encounters the enemy, just like the dragon's scales being opposed, and the momentum is so fierce that it is difficult for ordinary people to resist.
《Divine Fire Cover》
Divine fire shield Kung Fu is a unique method of movement of the Fulong altar, the practitioner conceals the strength and reserves the momentum, and does not exhale, so that the Yang fire true qi can envelop the whole body, looking at it as if there is a divine fire to protect the body.
《Dragon Breakthrough》
"after the world rushed, the dragon changes which, latent is unpredictable, moving is infinite". Dragon break through the formation to take the meaning of the shape, like a dragon, no matter how the position of the formation, all have a sudden return to the wind and clouds, the first and last corresponding use.
《Thunder Bone》
"Thunder is the pivot of heaven and earth". Lei Gong Casting Bone is the method of horizontal training of the Fulong altar, the practice requires heavy strikes on the whole body, and even the Yang Qi is born, and the Yin evil is removed from the body, which seems to be able to be subjected to thunder without falling down, calling together the divine energy of the five organs.
《Medical Heart》
Tianmang Danxin Technique is an inside-out technique that turns the body's true energy into Yang fire, which is gathered in the heart and bursts into a strong light to stimulate great potential. This technique is the most rigid and pure, and those with distracting thoughts will be devastated by the Yang fire, so it cannot be practiced by those who are not pure of heart.
《Drunk A Thousand Year》
"There is no need to finish all the wine, I can go anywhere in the world". It can help one to travel to heaven and earth, dispel all sorrows, and show one's mind.
《Cover Sky》
The power of the sun-shadowing technique is vast, it is a strange technique to disturb the heaven and earth with true qi. Once this technique is activated, you will see the flying sand and rocks, the sky is dark, as long clouds cover the eyes, the sun and moon no light.
《Mud Stunt》
The only thing that is important about the Ragged Mud technique is the word "wrap", which is often used by the user to hold the frame and wrap around the enemy's body in the shape of Ragged Mud, which is mostly frowned upon by gentlemen.
《Chaos Qi》
It is a rebellious method that cannot be used by people who are not suffering from internal disorders. Once this technique takes effect, the practitioner often loses his mind and suffers unbearably, but also becomes more and more vicious and cruel, bloodthirsty like mad.
《Ghost Cry》
Ghost night crying method is strange and horrible, is the Dantian energy, with the force of drumming, long whistle, so that people like hearing the wild ghosts cry, look for the wind and flee the method.
《Blood Meal》
Blood-eating gong to blood as a sacrifice, killing as a sacrifice, a total of twenty-eight Đi, dissection, felling, Shi, etc., the operator of the gong see blood is crazy, eat blood is happy, no mercy, not like ordinary people.
《The Great Spell of Soul Exchange》
The soul-transfer technique is a technique of aversion to victory, which is passed down from the ancient spiritual witch. This method is vicious and secretive, can be detained by the evil spirit to turn the ghosts and yin and yang, hooking the soul and taking away the spirit, the frame-up to claim the life of all is not a problem.
《Heart-Self Destroy Spell》
If you want to become the method of the two extinction of the mind and the self, you should abandon the self, cut off the seven emotions, do not feel birth, do not grieve death, after ten layers of hard practice, gradually give up the three souls and seven spirits, and then the mind becomes empty, and there is no more desire.
《12 Blood Child Formation》
The Twelve Blood Children Formation is the most evil method in the world. The helpers are all connected to the formation master's heart and soul, so they can use death as life, and use their bodies to replace bad luck.
《Sky Demon》
The heavenly demon is the lord of the sixth heaven of the desire realm and has countless dependents who always hinder the Buddha's path. The heavenly demon does not take meditation as the method, does not take non-thinking as the key, but only seeks to be free in otherness, and the successful one does not suffer from the five declines, but has the ability to destroy the good dharma.
《Undead Body of Blood Child》
"All laws are empty, dust and calamities are like a wheel of fire, enter my devil's path and become my immortal body". The Blood Child Immortal Body is the supreme secret method of the Blood Hatchling Sect, whose power is initiated by the ignorant and delusional mind, and is stopped by the absolute knowledge and severed vision, which can help one destroy all troubles and obstacles and achieve an immortal body.
《Shaolin Long Fist》
ShaoLin Long Fist calls for straight and righteous movements, like direct hit or block. It may look simple or inflexible, but the steps are very elaborate, that it become the classic example of ShaoLin Martial Arts.
《Shaolin Vajra Palm》
ShaoLin Vajra Palm is easy to learn but difficult to master, that although you can break a stone with your palm, it takes a long and hard time to completely control your power and hide them into gentle movements.
《The Great Long-Arm Fist》
“Jump like a tiger, land like an eagle”, focus your power on both arms and make them cooperate well, we call it“Connected Arms”. The connected arms perform straight powerful fists with both the reach and smoothness.
《68 Moves of Arhat Fist》
Imitating the postures of the 68 Arhats, it contains flexible moves but also protects bust and tummy, combines hardness and softness.
《The Great Vajra Fist》
The Great Vajra Fist is impressively powerful with firm and certain fist,  great momentum.
《18 Hands of Dharma》
“The Dharma came from west telling us to Forget, but to use the power by our heart”. The 18 hands are of course ingenious, though the “Keep the mind and forget” conclusion is the true essence of ShaoLin Martial Arts.
《Vajra Prajna Palm》
It deals damage by palm reaching wave after waves. With multiple layers of damage dealing pose,  it is called as the best palm art of ShaoLin.
《Demonhunt Light Fist》
“Wish my light of wisdom illuminate demons around the world.”. The DemonHunt Light Fist is soft, simple yet powerful, just like the light of Buddah shines over every thing every time.
《36 Close Hands》
Every step in the 36 close hands can be performed in several different ways. When in the battle,  use knee and elbows to attack and defense. The continuous movements makes the enemie stuck in,  just like “Closed”.
《Duck Shape Fist》
Vivid and interesting fists. When practicing it,  one acts like a duck, which may seems hilarious. However fierce attacks are hidden among those unpredictable movements.
《12 Hands of Silk Fist》
Move your fists like a silkworm spitting silk, strike like poisonous arrows leaving the bow. The spells says：“Step on the hill and pull the bow, step by step use the endliss power. Catch, take, hang and cut the silk, let the power flow through the door.”
《White Ape's Long-Arm Fist》
“When asked about the origin, the master answered‘taught by the white monkey in the mountain'” White Ape Fist has quirky and strange moves,  much like an ape or monkey playing or jumping.
《Transfer Flower Picker》
Unpredictable arm movements that are gentle by the look but fierce in fact.“Softness is the origin of toughness, toughness is the expression of softness.”
《Heavenly Spirit Thunder Palm》
Heavenly Spirit Thunder Palm, is very fast palm attacks with extreme power, destroy the target within a sec, like wild thunders and flashes.
《Vajra Samadhi Palm》
Vajra Samadhi Palm is the most abstruse palm-based martial art among all in-door Emei arts,  combines both gentleness and toughness and is almost with no flaw.“Vajra fears no barrier, Samadhi reaches all truthes.”
《Wudang Long Fist》
WuDang Long Fist contains 32 steps that are aiming at effects rather than power. It contains slow moves that are resting one's arms and legs, and also fast moves that are neat with momentum.
《Wind Chasing Palm》
“Spin with all body, but steady in soul.”Steps are followed closed with each other, which makes a fluent and also free-style acting, like flowing with the wind.
《Wudang Soft Palm》
Quit silent when acting but thoughtful in attack angles. After being attacked by these palm-moves, one may look scatheless but is actually hurt badly in organs. These attacks are like iron hidding in cotton boll, powerful damage dealer disguise with gentleness.
《The 8 Trigrams Palm》
Foot movement is the key of this martial art.“8 Trigrams palm runs on the trigrams, one changes the attack depending on the trigrams also.”Keep moving when defending against enemies while dealing palm attacks to them, change forms during the movements, unpredictable.
《The Ultra One Unfettered Palm》
The Ultra One Unfettered Palm is the top palm-based martial art among all in-door Taoist martial arts. Its movements are smart and casual,  like fairy people playing at ease.
《Divine Fist》
“Divine Fist is so powerful that it looks like nothing special.” The more you understand it,  the less steps you need when practising. Simple attacks that are more effective than complex ones.
《Wudang Pure Yang Fist》
WuDang Pure Yang Fist. Said to be created by the Taoist master Lyu Dobing. It follows the natural rules and power,  the attacks are like sunlight reaches all beings. The power builds up though each step, layer by layer.
《Purple Yang Upright Fist》
"It is also called "Zi Yang", which is the extreme of Yang energy and righteousness. Zi Yang Zheng Qi Fist is the ultimate attainment of the Xuanmen Authentic Fist, the power of the fist is not rigid or soft, solemn and grand, covering the sky and the earth.
《Taichi Fist》
Nihility gives birth to TaiChi, which is the mother of Yin and Yang. TaiChi fist is a combination of Yin (softness) and Yang （toughness）, both in harmony with each other. It defeats the tough enemy by gentle moves, overcomes massive force by tricky small power using.“Wave your hands make a Taichi, run Taichi and destroy all.”
《Mountain Pushing Palm》
With simply 4 steps,  this martial art is easy to learn and practice. However with plenty of practicing, it becomes more and more powerful that it shocks the enemy in battle.
《Iron Fist of Lion Phase》
Iron Fist of Lion Phase repeatedly attack the enemy by the back of hands. It contains 25 steps, during which one needs to“turn the waist and spin the arms, take the advantage of that natural force”, so the kinetic force contributes to your attack, results in a leveled-up power.
《Gate Breaker 8 Moves》
Gate Breaker 8 Moves, powerful and fierce attack.“Move like a tight bow, attack like a exploding bomb”, gain power from lower body, spread it through your whole body and reach out to enemies around, just as the name“Gate Breaker”.
《The Great Stonebreaker》
The Great Stonebreaker, said to be able to break gold, jade and even mountain by palm.The palm power is like a giant chisel drilling deep into the enemy, so strong that none human body can defense.
《Gold Palm of Lion Phase》
"yellow scab born three layers, hands laying golden sand, drilling wall can become a hole, flesh palm into iron fork". The lion phase golden sand palm is not a great perseverance can not be practiced, its palm force is as harsh as a steel knife, the person broken tendons, can be described as indestructible.
《Warlord's Pull Bow》
Warlord's Pull Bow, named after the legendary warlord Xiang Yu. Though it is an out-door tough skill, but it triggers a stream of breathing and attracting power while practing, just like how people describe the warlord：“Strength plucked up the hills, might shadowed the world.”
Cloud Mania Style
"The hurricane wind suddenly rises and the clouds turn wild, the waves swing and the fish and dragons are stiff". Cloud madness style "hair like a mountain torrent, close like a wind swept clouds", its posture soaring courageous decision, its power back to the mountain overturning the sea, running around the body whistling wind, all direction invincible.
《Great Divine Palm》
The Great Divine Palm, the most respected skill of the Lion-Face Clan. With the most pure and tough power within the palm attacks, the practicer's bones make crack but actually harmless noises. This palm attack becomes more powerful when being blocked.
《Great Slow Hand》
“So straight that it seems bent, so smart that it seems clumsy.” Although it's with no strict forms, it brings palm power to all around your body, that it destroys the surroundings. This skill is praised as the most thick-powered out-door martial art in the world.
《Pure Lady's Hidden Hand》
Pure Girl's Hidden Hand. This martial art looks beautiful and flexible, and is actually a very unique way of sneak attack that targets the hands, wrists, arms and elbows of the enemy.
《Jade Hand》
Jade Hand, famous for its speed. The physical gestures might seem full of leaks, but is actually luring the enemy to come and attacking it with unexpected moves, called “winning in losing”.
《Cold Yin Palm》
Cold Yin Palm hurts the enemy by using the pure Yin palm power. When practicing the skill, your palm turns ironish dark, cold wind blows from in. After hurt by this palm, lower abdomen of the enemy becomes stiff and cold,  gathered Qi gradually disappears till the enemy finally dies.
《9 Moves of 9 Heavens》
9 Moves of 9 Heavens was inspired by the prediction method named “the three odds” in the Book of Changes,  contains very precise moves. When one start the practicing it's like a spring thunder sounds over dry land；when finishing, it is like wind blowing away the clouds.
《Jade Tripot Fist》
“Gather your Qi from the Cloud Gate (acupoint below clavicle and above armpit) and form it into a jade tripod, lead your power through Kong Zui （acupoint in the inner side of arm about 21 cm from the wrist）and form it into a gold cup”. Flexible fist moves with a small range and frequent changes. The gathered Qi is as pure as a jade tripod and the fist power is firm like a gold cup, so it was named “Gold Cup and Jade Tripod”.
《Princess Rainfall》
As the saying goes: "The day is the morning cloud, the evening is the walking rain", Yao Ji cloud and rain style is beautiful, absolutely soft to soft, can be described as delicate as a virgin, gentle as a wandering dragon. Its moves are endless, like light smoke and mist, unpredictable.
《Divine Cold Palm》
The cold ice divine palm is extremely severe, the most Yin to cold. Palm wind and the body is cold poison rushing in, not only the whole body heat is dispersed, blood freezing into ice, and all the meridians closed, can be said to have death without life.
《5 Animals Fist》
The so-called five birds: "one said tiger, two said deer, three said bear, four said ape, five said bird". Chaiyama five birds boxing outside the strong muscles and bones, internal regulation of the internal organs, the move between the static, calm and light and heavy.
《The Great Snow Mountain Palm》
The Snow Mountain Palm Technique is tough and tough, light and steady, and the moves are mostly rolling and leaping, pushing and pouncing, which is said to have been created by a 100-year-old man fighting with tigers and leopards in the Changbai Mountains.
《Blood Palm》
Because the palm is red like blood dripping when it is exercised, so it is called "Palm Blood Kung Fu". For the palm blood power injured, the whole body blood faster and faster, and gradually tumbling like boiling water, can be described as unbearable suffering.
《Osbeck Bone Melt Palm》
"The Wailing Fairy eliminates the stone, relieves the bone, the sex is fierce and the work is divine". The empty sang school of medicine and poison, can make the good medicine into a strange poison, hit this poison palm tendons disappear bones, limp on the ground and die.
《Divine Drug Palm》
Dansha divine palm is extremely poisonous, and its toxicity is extremely fierce. Practitioners of this poisonous palm can use Yin Qi to store the essence of Dansha in "Tian Zong", which can be harmless to themselves; and use Yang Qi to send the poison of Dansha in "Yang Gu", which can kill people.
《Divine Flood Dragon Palm》
"submerged scales have hungry auger, drop the tail to take the thirsty tiger". Qing Jiao divine palm stance is weird and strange, the palm position meandering like the tail of the augur, a palm shot that fishy wind, its poisonous fierce evil, the world has not.
《Vajra Hammer》
Vajra hammer fist force is thick and heavy, shoulders do not lift arms do not turn can be between the square inch fist injury, because the method of force is very unique, so there are many people who do not know so think that this is the Vajra's magic power.
《5 Anger Hands》
At times, the Five Angry Hands are like four arms and two heads, while at other times, they are like four heads and eight arms, with their arms and legs moving together.
《Parami Palm》
There are ten postures in the Boromi Palm, which are very subtle and profound, corresponding to the "ten victorious acts" of the Bodhisattva, namely: "giving, abstinence, advancement, meditation, wisdom, convenience, great desire, great power, and great wisdom".
《Vajra Black Sand Palm》
Vajra black sand palm sinking majestic domineering, two hands palm force is different, a left and a right, a yin and a yang, yin force strange cold, yang force strange hot, hot and cold torment in the middle, the two forces together is not death will be seriously injured.
《Soul Heat Palm》
Spiritual heat palm is the secret method of turning internal energy into internal fire, and then directing the internal fire into both palms to damage the enemy with pure spiritual heat. When exercising, the palms are like steel swords, and there seems to be electric light burning on the palms.
《Vajra Annihilation Hands》
The Vajra Exterminating Hand is extremely ruthless. The technique has six styles, and the face of the performer will also show "green, yellow, red, white, empty and blue" with these six styles, which is the "six colors of the true meaning of Vajra".
《4 Divine Palm》
The so-called four divine palms of Mount Sumeru: "One is the silver sattva holding the country, firm and thick; two is the glazed sattva growth, far and near as desired; three is the crystal sattva wide eyes, changeable; four is the gold sattva multi-sensory, endless".
《The Great Sun Buddha Palm》
The hand is knotted with the "Great Sun Rulai Dharma Seal", the body has "all-round light", confusion and enlightenment are not two, the Buddha is the same, the Great Sun Rulai Palm is the true meaning of the divine palm of Vajra Sect, with boundless power and greatness.
《Scorpion Hand》
The scorpion hand of the wind of Yin moves retrograde, style reversal, out of the left and attack the right, out of the right and attack the left, low is to attack the top, leap high but for attacking the bottom, strikes without warning, very strange.
《Python Hand》
"The technique of "vipers" is "to penetrate the bones and cone the heart, locking the blood, with a thousand teeth and itching", that is "the method of a thousand needles".
《Blood Fluke Palm》
Blood leech palm technique gentle, toxic dense, its palm force never outwardly exhaled but to the palm of the rapid suction, palm to the place where the skin is therefore bleeding more than, dripping horrible, poison has also been thus and invade the internal organs.
《Soul-Extinct Palm》
Three corpses broken soul palm Yin poison has no end, a palm in a total of three different kinds of poisonous quality, one of the "stiff", numbness and insensitivity; the second is "spot", the face of the black; the third is "hernia". The third is "hernia", in which the belly is broken intestines.
《Azure Spider Hand》
"Green spider has the ultimate poison, entangling soul 500 worlds". Green spider soul wrapping hand is strange and unpredictable, palm force like silk, like a net, incomparable poison. Green spider poison has "even if the body is dead, but also difficult to get rid of, will still bring the next life" said.
《Poison Palm of Red Toad》
Zhu Toad poison palm out before the palm must first whole body stored force, and then leap out, the force of its strong, toxic fierce, not only non-flesh and blood body can withstand, any iron clothes and gold armor also touch that will collapse.
《4 Colors Palm》
Green, yellow, red and black divine palm is the secret of the Five Immortals Church in Miaojiang, the success of the heart of the four colors, hands like a zombie, the quality of the poison issued by each palm is different, there are thousands of changes, there is no solution, there is no avoidance.
《Soul Peeling Hands》
The Nine Deadly Soul Leaving Hands is the most strange and poisonous, and there is no one else in the world who has been hit, so it is called "Soul Leaving". However, this technique is so evil that the performer will also suffer from its repercussions and will not be spared nine deaths, so it is also called "nine deaths".
《Forged Bone Fist》
The recipe says: "three three ninety-nine calcined iron bone", calcined bone fist need to repeatedly beat the high temperature iron ninety-nine hundred and eighty-one times a day with the palm of flesh, after nine years to become, designed to forge tendons and refine bones, strong fist power.
《Drunk 8 Immortals Fist》
The Fulong Drunken Eight Immortals Fist moves swiftly and quietly, with defense and attack, bending like a tiger and stretching like a dragon. At the time of boxing, the feet step on the five elements and eight trigrams, the posture is like drunkenness, with a clanging wind of power, such as the drunken eight immortals off the trail.
《Refining Fire Palm》
Fire refining palm is the unique technique of Fulong altar, can send a strong blazing wave out of the air, directly to the enemy a few feet away, this technique is extremely spirit-consuming, but when the person is burning, especially horrific.
《Crazy Drunk Fist》
Crazy Devil Drunken Fist is extremely powerful, with its power and power of the mind. When performing kung fu, it is like madness, like crazy, if you are not careful, it is difficult to return to the mind, you need to be as rocky as the heart, the intention is stronger than gold, before you can perform it.
《Great Colorful Palm》
The so-called "dazzling extinction": dazzling, the power is huge, there is a fire burst, dazzling like the sun and the moon; extinction, the force of a spit, there is no room for return, non-exhaustion of force can not stop.
《Divine Fist of Jade Yang》
The Little Yu Yang Divine Fist is light, quick and jumpy, with moves in the air, the fist is unpredictable, and as dense as a fine rain. The Little Jade Yang Divine Fist originates from beyond the East Sea, and is unparalleled in the world with the Great Jade Yang Divine Fist, one strange and one positive.
《Fire Palm of 6 Yang》
Six Yang palm from the "hand three yang, foot three yang" six Yang meridian and its power to the rigid pure Yang, fierce and simple has been extremely thick, the hitter is like entering the fire cave of purgatory, the internal organs are turned into charcoal.
《Great Jade Yang Fist》
The Great Jade Yang Divine Fist is brave, strong and swift, with a style that stands out from the rest, and a fist that is as one with the left and the right, and is as grand as a wild wave. The Great Jade Yang Divine Fist originates from beyond the East Sea, and is unique in the world with the Little Jade Yang Divine Fist, one positive and one strange.
《Dragon Palm》
Dragon palm is fierce and fierce, shocking the past and the present, is the untold attainment of the Fulong altar. As the saying goes: "out of the sound, stone breaking the sky, whistling like a dragon; invisible and quality, the wind and clouds change color, like a crazy dragon", so it is called "dragon" also.
《Crazy Dog Fist》
Mad dog boxing behavior indeterminate, seemingly crazy, walking frame absolutely no rules, spit and bite, stalking, all kinds of things, plus snarling and barking, but also extraordinarily appalling.
《Heartbreak Palm》
The heart-destroying palm does not have many moves, the palm force has a total of "slow, sharp, drilling, binding" four changes, can be rigid or soft, straight through the heart and lungs, is a purely dark force to hurt people in the invisible Yin vicious kung fu.
《72 Hellbound Fist》
The Seventy-two Earth Death Fists are fierce and unusual, specializing in the fierce and evil techniques of the lower road, as the saying goes: "Grasping the knee and taking the heel, breaking the section, stripping the serious stock piece by piece", from the stock to the heel are all controlled by it.
《Zombie Poison Palm》
When the corpse has been soaked in the poisonous water, the poisonous substance can be used for practicing Kung Fu.
《Blood Evil Palm》
Bloodshed palm is fierce and violent, the toxicity is fierce, need to use their own blood to stimulate the poisonous quality, it is: "see the blood and hair, the more injuries the more crazy". Because the blood quality of each person is different, the toxicity issued also has different changes.
《Bone Melting Ghost Palm》
Once the palm force enters the body, it eats away at the bones and bones of the person, eliminating the internal energy of the person's yang energy, and its poison is even more than the gangrene of the bones, the most sinister.
《Sky Demon Palm》
The "soul" of the Heavenly Demon's Soul Mutilating Palm refers to three things: "The practice is incomparably cruel, requiring a living person to test the palm; the strokes are cruel, referring to all the vital points of the body; the pain and itch of the victim is so severe that he or she will die of self-mutilation".
《Blood Hou's Evil Palm》
The Blood Hind Devil Palm is extremely poisonous and vicious, and is the best attainment of the Blood Hind Cult's poison palm. When this palm is released, black smoke fills the air, the fishy wind suddenly rises, the smell immediately faint, the whole body swells several times, the chest and abdomen burst and die.
《Shaolin Tiger Claw》
As the saying goes: "arching the head, jaws look out over the teeth like a tiger". Shaolin Fuhu Claw is imitating the shape of a tiger, and also has the spirit of a tiger, with rigorous moves, solid ground, steady hands, strong and powerful.
《Shaolin Finger Zen》
Shaolin One Finger Zen is all about external strength, no internal refinement, but it is very unique in that it is able to follow the force and move into stillness. Its practice is extremely delicate, the requirements are incomparably strict, the order can never be wrong.
《Finger of Catching Flower》
The finger power is invisible and without phase, which is born from the allusion of "Buddha's flower, Gaya's smile", and is extremely profound.
《Great Finger of Vajra》
Powerful vajra finger can send out a thousand pounds of force with the finger without borrowing momentum, which can be described as infinite force, thick and strong to the extreme. To destroy the enemy's tendons and bones, such as breaking withered, broken stone and jade, such as through the flotsam.
《Whirling Vajra Ring》
"Five fingers pinch, circle into a ring, the force of no birth, and no end, firm and unbreakable, no cut off", is called "Shaolin pinch turn vajra circle". All the evil devils and foreigners, are bound in this circle of square inches, it is difficult to get out of the fetters to hurt people.
《Shaolin Dragon Claw》
Shaolin dragon claw hand stance is simple and profound, swift and fierce, finger force is more than steel, no solid can not be broken, grasp the tree can leave a mark, rubbing stone can become powder, the power is great, is the highest attainment of Shaolin finger claw.
《Emei Eagle Claw》
Emei Eagle Claw Kung Fu is about "arms like wings, fingers like steel hooks", with swift and ruthless moves, just like the posture of an eagle when pouncing on its food, with the force coming from both arms and the fingers and claws hurting the enemy in the same way.
《Emei Finger Zen》
Emei One Finger Zen is an internal discipline technique that operates with internal qi released from the fingertips. The finger force is qualitative but invisible, fine and sharp, touching like an electric shock, and can be sent through objects.
《Lame Fight 80 Moves》
Lame fight eighty styles of attack and defense as one. The defensive position recipe says: "above the bottom, be prepared for danger, mutual support, up and down harmonious"; the offensive position recipe says: "floods across the river, chaos and chaos gathered, all send and receive, there is no disadvantage".
《Split Flower》
As the saying goes, "The hand is like a willow in three springs, and the step is like a lotus leaf in the wind". The stance is soft, erratic, and the strokes are hand-picked from the side door, and the strokes hide the needles, never facing the enemy head-on.
《Lighten Finger》
Light phase finger can be sent through the air, and the farther the pointing distance, the greater the scope of the finger force coverage. When the finger comes out, the light on the finger is very bright, the light has seven colors, brilliant and dazzling, so it is called "light phase".
《A Thousand Hands》
There are a thousand moves and a thousand styles in the Thousand Techniques, and there is no one move and one style, all the heart follows the gods, and the movement is from the heart. As the saying goes: "a hundred folds even waist all boneless, a spread through the body are hands", can be called Emei gong method of the most strange.
《The Great Finger of Mt.Light》
"It is said that the one element is also the great beginning". The Great Light Mountain One Element Finger is thick and mysterious, with the quality of the original Qi of heaven and earth, and the form of chaos without color or phase, and the finger comes out with a booming sound and a long rainbow of Qi.
《Heavenly Spirit Finger》
The Tiangang Finger Pointing Technique specializes in pointing the "twelve main meridians" of the human body, and one finger points out a total of seven channels of strange and positive astral force, which is exquisite and unique to the world.
《Needle Finger》
Finger Needle Kung Fu is light and flexible, with fine and sharp finger force, like a needle between the fingers, with a stinging sensation when touched, it is a special attack on the enemy's body major acupuncture points and eyes and ears and other vulnerable parts of the technique.
《Rejuvenation Finger》
The eldritch finger is made by drawing the essence of all the herbs stored in the finger, and has two uses: positive, which can relieve pain and refresh the mind; and negative, which can make the body drowsy and in severe pain.
《Finger Magenta》
A finger a pint of red hand like lightning, finger force such as cone, directly to the enemy's eyes, throat, heart, two ribs of the vital, the poison attacked heart, blood flowing like a column, it is: "poke finger into a bloody hole, open a pint of red".
《Blue And White Flower Beauty》
"Yu Beauty is very poisonous, especially the blue flower is even more, take away the mind, sorrow, grief and pain". The blue-flowered Yu Beauty has gorgeous and unpredictable moves, and those who are struck by it will suffer from sorrow and pain.
《Flower Rain》
From the top to the bottom, the rain of flowers in the sky, each finger contains seventy-seven forty-nine changes in direction, as if the front, back, left and right and all directions to, people left and right, overwhelmed.
《The Great Flower Finger of Mandala》
The big flower mandala finger with mandala flowers of the strange poison refining, run the finger to produce fragrance, rich nasal, the smell of the mind, evil charm from birth, the whole body paralyzed, the soul upside down, although life is still dead.
《Flower Spirit Moon Finger》
Ten thousand flowers spirit moon finger is wonderful, the spirit of feminine to the extreme, pointing out like a different flower blooming, moving the heart, finger power seems to be non-existent, if there is nothing, just like a mirror, absolutely difficult to catch.
《A Hundred Flower Fight》
"When the autumn comes September 8, my flowers bloom after a hundred flowers kill". Hundred flowers kill incomparable poison, harsh and peerless, fast and dense attack like mad, finger to the body, nothing to kill, is the Valley of a hundred flowers is the only dominant killer.
《8 Moves of Blood Red Flower》
Blood vermilion flower eight methods and divided into "eight life eight death" a total of sixteen, is the ancient legacy of technology, because too subtle and magical, even the most talented people can only understand one of the method, can understand more than two methods of people can be said to be unprecedented in the past.
《Taoism-Trinity Finger》
"The Tao gives birth to one, one to two, two to three, and three to all things. The three clearings refer to "three clearings, three realms, and three treasures" in a group of three postures, which are strict in law and natural in nature.
《Hook Clamp》
The hook and pincer finger is derived from the flying pincer technique of Guigu Zi, which focuses on "the same at first and different at first, using the void to draw in the real, the empty to come to the real", creating a breach in the midst of no breach with clever techniques, and then flying and pincer to overcome the strong with weakness.
《5 Mantra 5 Phases》
The so-called five words: "said sickness, said grievance, said worry, said anger, said joy". The five words and five states of the hand are varied, and they are the strange techniques to overcome the enemy by pulling the enemy's mind and will with the words and state of mind.
《Pivot Move》
Hold the pivot style circumambulation like a ring, the momentum is like "hold the pivot", once the obstacle will give rise to a very strong counterattack force, there is a saying: "hold the pivot, the righteousness of the sky, can not be dry and contrary to it, contrary to it, although the success will fail".
《Clutch Finger》
A finger pointing out, the finger force is mixed and confused, the form and spirit are suddenly together and sometimes away, even the person who is running the finger is also incomparably confused, not with a great intelligence to detect the gap to know far can not master.
《The Great Yinyang Hand》
"Pointing to the sky and drawing to the earth is said to be the joint vertical, the hand sweeping the six hemispheres is the continuous horizontal". The Great Yin-Yang Vertical and Horizontal Hand is wide open and wide open, with an extraordinary temperament, and each stroke is sent out smoothly, which can be said to be slow and fast, light as heavy.
《Sky Earth Finger》
Heaven and Earth Yuan Yi Finger is a secret art of the Daoist sect, which cannot be activated without innate Yuan Qi. Yuan Yi finger power to the true and pure, close to the origin of heaven and earth, the root of all things, can be said to be Yang Xu mountain stand, a hundred bends can not be destroyed.
《One Mysterious Hand》
A Xuan hand soft and gentle, elegant, or lead the arm elbow, or trailing finger wrist, out of the finger as if it were, the smoke view of the line, finger force such as a soft rope can be far, and never too close to people.
《Mysterious Ice Finger》
Xuan ice finger method out of the finger as fast as the wind, finger force that is Yin and cold, fingertip because of the condensation of pure Yin true force to cold and bone, such as covering the frost, can point water into ice, the finger immediately freeze.
《Fallen Finger》
Jade perish finger on the hand is very fast, killing power is great, however, named "Jade perish", is actually the method of both defeat and injury, once performed, the heart veins will be lost, although you can kill the enemy, but over time, they are also inevitable fragrance and Jade perish.
《Peeling Move》
"Yellow Emperor's consort Xiling's said Rayon, to its first silkworms, so also worship the first silkworms". Rayon peeling cocoon style delicate and subtle, finger power like pulling silk cocoon, layer by layer deep, can eliminate all guards in the invisible.
《Poisonous Snake Hidden Move》
The cold pool hidden vicious style is extremely vicious and weird, the finger force can be hidden around the enemy for a long time, like a vicious pool, not moving, once the attack, it will be like a vicious viper rising up, directly to the enemy's vitals, dangerous and unpredictable.
《12 Moves of Changxi》
The twelve styles of Chang Xi are elegant and graceful, the moves are not too fast and not too slow, the yin and the yang are in harmony, the finger force is unpredictable, like light clouds covering the moon, sometimes obscure, sometimes bright, the beauty of its posture and the subtlety of its gesture can be described as the most beautiful and unparalleled in the world.
《Polaris Finger Point》
The so-called Gui Gui: "its change is slight, but the one who moves is big". The Gui Gui finger method is profound and subtle, silent and without any sound, the finger does not move but can envelop the enemy's whole body with its exquisite finger force.
《The Great Moon Finger》
Great Taiyin Yiming refers to the extreme of yin and softness, but the extreme of yin produces yang, the extreme of softness will be rigid, Great Taiyin Yiming is the most yang of yin, the most rigid of softness, pointing out that like the ice knife and frost sword, the finger force, no strong will not be destroyed.
《Fallen Hands of Mt.Chai》
Chai Shan Tackling Hands is the result of the medical art of orthopedic treatment, and it is particularly ruthless in destroying the enemy's joints. It is: "pushing, kneading, pinching and dismantling method is exquisite, a pinch and a dismantling pain on the ground, holding the socket and pinching the joint out is easy, saving and hitting the wrong bone suddenly".
《Hook Claw》
"Hooked kiss, poison, the entrance is hooked people's throat kiss, eaten to kill". Hooked kiss claw to hook, grab, tear, scratch four styles, finger force hidden in the blood-sealed hooked kiss grass poison, extremely dangerous.
《Iron Flower Rotten Bone Claw》
The medicine scripture has a cloud: "iron flower, break all the accumulation of cold evil, but its violent nature, there is a big poison, non-critical diseases do not use". Iron flower rotting bone claw strike vicious, containing iron flower poison, the person hit by the heat is unbearable, rotting bone through the heart and died.
《Jade Cicada Finger》
The Jade Cicada finger is elegant and noble, with a deep and subtle meaning, a gentle hand, a finger force as clear as water, transparent as bright jade, with its points to cut off the pulse, the person hit will certainly paralyze the hands and feet, internal energy is also lax.
《Flood Dragon's Iron Tentacle》
Qing Jiao iron beard finger is a unique technique of the Kongsang school, when the hand, five fingers like beard and halberd open, all together, the finger force is like iron shear steel whip, hitting the stone with a sound, grasp the wood into the marks, and strange and strange.
《No Harm Hands》
As the saying goes, "From love comes sorrow, from love comes suffering, but if one is free from love, there is no sorrow and no suffering. If you are free from love, you will have no worries and no problems. In the case of the "no-hazard hand", there is no pain in the body, but the mind is completely lost and love and hate are gone.
《Snake Insanity Hands》
The Snake Gu Hand is a Miao secret art that draws the poison of the Snake Gu stored in the internal Qi to poison the enemy. Although Snake Gu Hand is not the art of descending Gu, its toxicity is no different from Gu poison.
《Red-eyed Gu Descent》
Red-eyed Gu with blood-red pupils, body with red spots, is refined in the skull of the dead Miaojiang parasite. The Red-eyed Gu descending method is extremely fast, the face is red and swollen, the corners of the eyes bleeding, blindness instantly.
《Chi Demon Gu Descent》
Chi Demon Gu descending method is unique, like a dance, when the strike, the strange fragrance dark, in the mind of the mesmerized, visions before the eyes. Chi Demon Gu after a hundred flowers fed, and then dozens of incense wood smoked, the body color light purple, slightly light.
《Sinister Blood Gu Descent》
Sinister Blood Gu black body, strange fishy strange odor. Sinister Blood Gu drop cruel incomparable, need to first penetrate the enemy flesh and blood, and then the Sinister Blood Gu applied to the enemy's bones, and then the poisonous Gu into the bone marrow, there is no medicine to cure.
《Internal Demon Descent》
In the center of the devil Gu, the frenzy, like madness, not the death of the body can not stop. Heart demon Gu is the secret insect used by the Five Immortals to punish traitors, extremely difficult to refine, the form is also little known.
《9 Yin Zombie Gu》
To die in the most yin place, the fate of pure yin dead body refining Gu, so the "9 Yin Zombie Gu". 9 Yin Zombie Gu into the body of the living will be crazy growth, after eating flesh and blood will break the body out, like a large chi.
《Jade Ice Silkworm Gu Descent》
Jade Ice Silkworm Gu is turquoise, walking like the wind, non-speedy like lightning descending Gu techniques can not be performed. This parasite strange poison to cold, can spit ice, once the ice invades the blood, the person immediately stiffened and died, the body does not decay after death.
《King Golden Silkworm Insanity》
King Gu golden silkworm is the king of the parasite, such as the golden silkworm, one in ten thousand. Golden silkworm poison as fierce as the fire, the person in a miserable, painful. The administration of Gu need to respect the gods, or the king Gu backfire, self-harm.
《A Hundred Colors Marrow Insanity》
Hundred color green marrow Gu to refine and breed ten thousand Gu, its color is nameless, its body is invisible, can fly to the sky and disappear, such as ghosts like charm, only the five immortal religion of Miaojiang subjugation secret method can drive, this Gu is very spiritual, can understand human speech.
《None-Shape Little Catch》
The invisible small takedowns are stealthy and backwards, focusing on "left for right, right for left, left and right backwards; up for down, down for up, up and down backwards".
《Picking Star Move》
Picking the star style is light and quick, walking and turning line work is extremely flexible, pointing out that like an arrow away from the string, can be a hundred paces away to attack the enemy's vital heart, so "picking the star" is actually "picking the heart".
《Jade Well Hands》
As the saying goes, "The emperor hides ice in the well and gives it to his ministers on the day of ambush". The Jade Well Pulse Transformation Hand can lead the enemy's true qi to flow through his own belt veins, during which he uses his own pure yin power to transform the opponent's yang energy, causing him to die of exhaustion.
《Latency Yin Finger》
Fuyin pointed out that the entry does not reveal the line, the finger force secretly born dark hair, as if by the ice knife ice sword cut, the wound condensed white frost, even if you can save your life, this injury is also extremely difficult to heal.
《Thunderbolt 7 Stars Finger》
The Seven Yao Fingers of Heavenly Calamity have seven forms: "Sun, Moon, Gold, Wood, Water, Fire and Earth", and each form has seven variations. Each of the seven forms has seven variations.
《Mysterious Finger》
The insidious and poisonous Xuan Hei Finger, whose moves are certainly strange and bizarre, and the finger has a gust of evil wind, the person's whole body turns blue, the internal organs are all frozen and destroyed, not suffering seven days of torture can not die.
《Source Extinct Hands》
There are four stances in total, which are the untold masterpieces of Jie Qing Ya. It is called "Absolute Hand" because it is "the most strange and extreme power, never show any mercy, and there is no other method, and it is difficult for the person to survive".
《Staggered Finger》
The "Wrong God" finger changes rapidly and is faster than the lightning of the mind, which is exactly the same as: "See it in the front, but it is already in the back, see it on the left, but it is already on the right".
《The Ultra One Crystal Finger》
"Yin and Yang have not changed, the resumption of the indifference of the too vague, the beginning of God and not seen gas is also called too easy". Taiyi glazed finger no light and no image, the finger force invisible and nameless, pointing to the object, nothing is turned into pieces, as if scolding the stone into a sheep, divine to the extreme.
《Poke Eye and Cut Ear》
Poking the eyes and cutting the ears is a common technique used by scoundrels in the marketplace when fighting, focusing on the "oblique cutting and smooth grasping, fingers do not leave the eyes", all of which are vicious moves disrespected by the Jianghu people.
《Lock Throat》
Throat locking Yin hand is good at sneak attack, deceitful and sinister, never show traces, until the enemy perceives the finger claws coming from a different position, has been closed for the Yin energy to lock the throat, suffer great secret injuries.
《Separation of Bone And Muscle》
The "Splitting Tendons" and "Staggering Bones" are two techniques that are specifically designed to destroy the major joints of the enemy's hands, feet and limbs, and although their lethality is limited, they are painful and unbearable.
《Low-Body-Break Fingers》
Three Finger Yin Snatching Claw is the most infamous and ruthless finger technique of the Blood Hollow Sect, which is easy to learn and easy to practice, the only key point is the word "shameless", and its moves are all low and scurrying down, taking the armpit to snatch the Yin, and the person is inevitably disabled for life, and his descendants are cut off.
《Poison Dragon Claw》
As the saying goes: "evil delusion born poisonous dragon, demons and the heart through". Poison dragon claw can five fingers together to send black mist, extremely shocking, its malicious poison directly attack the heart and lungs, the person will be five days after the mouth spraying black water and die.
《Hade Finger》
Yellow Springs, the finger has two: "One, this work is incomparably vicious, finger force Yin evil as yellow springs Yin wind; Second, the yellow springs finger, the evil poison is difficult to remove, the wound flesh and blood are not turned into yellow pulp gushing out".
《Blood Pool Ghost Claw》
Blood pool ghost claw is to take the blood of human and animal cultivated by the secret evil technique. The ghost claw is severe and cruel, the blood flowing backwards, all sucked by the ghost claw, the more blood the ghost claw absorbs, the stronger the power.
《Yuanshan Jump Kick》
"The hand is two doors, all by the legs to beat people, the bullet leg four hands, people are afraid of the ghost to see worry". Yuanshan's bullet leg is very precise and quick, the first emphasis is on the sudden and swift attack, the momentum is like a projectile, so it is called "bullet leg".
《Mandarin Duck Combo Kick》
Mandarin duck serial foot step light body live, near can poke point feet, far can serial flying kick, the trick said: "there is up that there is down, there is left that there is right, left foot hair, right foot with, continuous, into a double spouse, called the mandarin duck".
《Tiger Tail》
Tiger Tail Kung Fu is the art of intercepting and counterattacking, not only does the leg come out without warning, but also the leg force is strong and strong, sweeping the wind, and in times of crisis, the momentum is amazing.
《8 Steps of Squared Up》
The Nine Palace Chaotic Eight Steps are evolved from the Nine Palace Eight Trigrams, with a total of ninety-one variations of obedience, reversal, yin and yang, which can be used for attack and retreat, with a chaotic form but a whole meaning.
《The Great Vajra Kick》
Powerful vajra legs from the Western region, the legs out of the rigid to the extreme, where to step, the rocks cracked, the trees fell to the wall destroyed, the power of pure, can be in the big bell iron tripod on top of the footprint of several inches deep.
《Kick of Move The Mountain》
"Five Ding, the ancient Five Rex, also, a thousand jin force, no one is invincible". Five Ding open mountain leg has a total of moving, moving, pouring, open, open five styles, can be said to step on the stone can open the mountain, throw the foot can open the road, the force is incomparable, infinite power.
《Cloud Dragon 9 Kick》
Cloud dragon nine appearing legs out of the leg is very fast, change extremely, can be in a moment between the kick out of nine legs, each leg force and direction is never the same, as if one into nine, so called "cloud dragon nine appearing" also.
《Divine Kick of Ao King》
Ao Wang divine leg foot hair ground sink, majestic and strong, is the town of the mountain of the great yuan mountain mastery. The ancients said: "the giant ao carries the mountain of Penglai, and dance play in the sea", so it is said that it has the ability to shock the mountains and rivers, turning the sea over the river.
《Holy White Elephant With 6 Tusks》
The name comes from the six-teethed white elephant transformed by the Bodhisattva: the six tusks represent the "six divine powers of non-leakage"; the four feet represent the "four asymmetrical feet". This technique is very powerful and effective.
《Conversely Beating As Rocking Sky》
The aim is to attack the enemy in a moment of surprise with a surprising stance.
《One Step Turn》
Chai Shan step to step on the strange door recluse, step directly on the evil door, seemingly dangerous, but actually dynamic and static corresponding, although the danger is actually safe, the attack and defense of the situation only in one step will be able to turn.
《Cuckoo's Pecking》
The cuckoo pecking spider style is light and agile, fast and dense jumping off, walking and turning, as if the foot does not point to the ground, the leg is as fast as a sudden rain, precise and incomparable, is the tip of the foot to attack the enemy acupuncture points of the strange leg technique.
《Small 8 Moves of Gold Clank》
There is a saying: "The empty mulberry medicine tripod judge life and death, the size of the eight stances to determine the universe", knocking gold and jade small eight stances is the essence of the empty mulberry school of legwork, swift and quiet, small and tough, the leg has a clanging sound, such as gold and jade strike.
《Flood Dragon's Wagging Tail》
The Qing Jiao tail swinging Kung Fu only one style, is the defeat in seeking victory, hurt people hurt themselves in a life-threatening attack, because of its vicious and fierce, unexpected, it is also known as "Qing Jiao broken tail with life and death style".
《Flood Dragon's Rolling Kick》
The Qing Jiao Tumbling Leg is the unique leg technique of the Kongsang School, and when it is performed, it flips up and down, soaring into space, without a moment's pause.
《Great 8 Moves of Sea-Blocking》
The Eight Stances of Flying Mountain and Breaking the Sea is the essence of the Kongsang School's legwork, which is light, swift and fierce, with the power of wind and electricity sweeping, and the power of the mountain and the sea standing, worthy of the name: "Kongsang Medicine Tripod Judgment of life and death, the Eight Stances of the size of the world".
《A Hundred Steps of Mysterious Tripot》
Xuan Ding Hundred Steps is the first marvelous Kung Fu of the Kongsang School, as the scripture says: "Yin embraces Yang, Yang embraces Yin, and the will is in the Xuan Gong", this Kung Fu is self-generated and grammatical, with defense in the attack, the attack will be grim, the defense will be firm, and the subtlety and mystery is the best.
《Lower Body Kick》
Although the move is shallow, the degree of damage is no less than that of any evil martial art, and those who are hit are often deeply injured and cannot be humanely treated.
《Conversely Kick of Toad》
Toad backward kick leg posture is bizarre, is the reverse body to the back of the stock sudden flying kicking unique techniques, can be issued out of thin air, without the need to perform borrowing momentum, do not know this leg technique is extremely vulnerable to its hidden harm.
《Unpredictable Kick》
"The impermanent rise of the snake, blackmail in the blackmail, Xuanwu like to steal, the heart of the flesh jumping". Wu Chang foot false move is very much, all the enemy and the art of disturbing the enemy, only to wait for the enemy distracted, which will take advantage of the weakness and enter.
《Scorpion's Soul Hook Kick》
The scorpion's soul-hooking foot pokes and strikes are very accurate, and the changes are very fast, focusing on: "grabbing before and after the pounce, playing fast and slow, collecting and releasing suddenly, controlling static with movement", and the moves are all based on seizing the first opportunity, and the attack is especially severe.
《Walk And Kill》
Side kill is by the number of the god of evil and the transformation of the left should be Taiyin, the right should be White Tiger, which is: "White Tiger walking Taiyin, a step to eat a person, the two also have wings, the gods also lost their lives", can be described as a double foot, will kill.
《Great Yin-Wind Kick》
The big yin wind leg start leg invisible shadow, out of the leg invisible shape, the leg force will be followed by the yin wind, can reach several feet away, when the person immediately limbs trembling, disgusted want to vomit, internal breath has been greatly damaged.
《Yama Ghost Kick》
There are ten styles of Yan King Ghost Foot, from the first hall "Qin Guang Wang" to the tenth hall "King of the Wheel", each style imitates the hideous posture of a Yan Luo when seeking life, the foot is strange and bizarre, the ghostly aura is eerie and horrifying.
《Blood Shadow Kick》
The blood shadow leg is transmitted from the overseas extinct domain, the leg method is bizarre and weird, cruel to the extreme, the flesh is separated, the tendons and bones are broken, as if the body is hit by a jagged steel knife, the blood shadow is diffused, the body is broken into several sections and died.
《Zhen Fragrant》
"The hemlock feather as a thing, dipped in wine poisonous, drink it immediately dead". The method of hemlock feather incense can turn the medicine cream on the finger into a mist, this mist smells sweet and fragrant, like alcoholic wine, the person who is in it is like drinking hemlock wine and die immediately.
《8 Fairies of The Other Side》
The Eight Immortals on the other side of the shore of the feminine hand, with eight fingers to send eight different kinds of poison, a variety of changes, extremely difficult to save, the only way to die, it is: "eight immortals to the other side, life and death come and go by no one".
《Shock Dream Fragrant》
In order to apply the method of dream incense, you need to hide the drug cream in the mouth and nose, when the enemy, then you can surprise the enemy, breathe out the poisonous gas to control the enemy, the person who is poisoned by this poison, like into a dream, immediately faint.
《Blood Narcissus》
The poisonous blood will solidify when it meets the air, shaped like a six-petaled narcissus, stronger than gold and iron, and can be thrown to kill the enemy, and the victim will be killed immediately.
《9 Idiotic Fragrant》
The so-called "nine idiots": "heart, sleeplessness, forgetfulness of meals, physical labor, dirty injury, uncertainty, joylessness, faintness of will, and nervousness". The incense of the nine idiots is like red mist, which can invade the skull and brain from both eyes, and the person who is hit cannot help himself and goes crazy.
《Black Water Poison》
Black water broken intestines is to rain and dew water as a medium, pouring venom to kill the enemy's secret poisonous art of the Kongsang School, this poison is fierce and evil, immediately killed, the poisonous water emitted black and fishy, so the name "black water".
《Nippy Fragrant of Hundreds Evil》
Hundred evil pinning incense invisible and colorless, the poisonous mist emitted when gathered and scattered, if not, the whole body of the person hit by the strange aroma suddenly, the strange poison has penetrated into the bone marrow, the smell of the same victim, can be described as infinite flow of poison.
《Flood Dragon's Blood》
The poisonous frost into their own blood, three thousand times around, the five organs to the turbidity of the gas in which, then into the "blue jiao blood". Green Jiao blood when wounded, the most poisonous to evil, any grass, wood, gold and stone stained with it is turned into sewage.
《Ghost Bone Blood Sea Otter》
The ghost bone blood begonia is attached to the marrow of the practitioner's bones, with the flow of the body's meridians, the world's first strange poison, this poison once activated, can be issued with the internal Qi, the heart of the victim shows the red begonia flower mark, will certainly die.
《10 Methods of Jieqing》
Although there are only ten moves, the ten techniques of KAI Qing are extremely complicated, and the key phrase: "Hide your hands and hide your feet, one touch is all you need to do" is the root of all the concealed weapon techniques of KAI Qing.
《Leaf Picking》
Even if it is a very soft flower petal or leaf, once it is attached by internal force, it can also be turned into a sharp weapon to hurt people. The art of leaf picking and flower flying is based on the internal force attached to the concealed weapon, which is stealthy and invisible.
《6 Hands of Shadowless》
There are 72 stances in total, each strike will be twelve stances together, only because the technique is very fast, as fast as lightning, it is difficult to distinguish the sequence, no trace, twelve stances like one, so it is called "six hands".
《Shooting Star》
"The lightning comes to shine on the object, and the shooting star is in the sky". The concealed weapon sent by the flying star technique has a strong internal energy, and its momentum is severe and rapid, looking like a flying star with a white flash.
《Snapshot》
The chaotic flying locusts are "grabbing things as you see them, throwing them as you see them, and throwing them with ten fingers in a row, with no time to spare", which seems to be chaotic, but in fact, it is orderly and chaotic, and cannot be performed by those who are fast and skillful.
《Special Action of Trigram Map》
The lines are transformed from the 64 hexagrams of the I Ching, and their forms are "up and down, not yet complete, with endless changes and residual power", while their qualities "take Kan and fill in Li, water and fire are both helpful, and qi and power are one", which can be described as subtle, mysterious and unfathomable.
《Throw Tweet-Dragon》
The sound of the dragon throwing is amazing and extremely powerful, and the sound of breaking air is like the roar of a dragon and a lion, and the drums and horns are roaring together, implying four kinds of huge forces: drilling, pressing, going, and twisting, when the person does not fall apart.
《Divine Needle of Shadow-Stopped》
"The acupuncture point is immediately closed, the action is immediately stopped, the breathing is immediately stopped, the breath is immediately broken, the person is immediately killed, the body is immediately cold, the body is immediately stiff, the shape and shadow is frozen", called "fixed shadow" also.
《Divine None-Thought》
The thoughtless divine power is the invincible wonders of the Qing dynasty, after the completion of the gong, the real qi around the body is like a spirit, when the enemy is self-starting, when the enemy is in trouble, self-chasing, see the blood back, no need to think, the concealed weapons have been issued with the qi.
《Flying Sand》
Flying sand and walking stones is the unique concealed weapon technique of Fulong altar, all by hand and foot to stir up a strong wind to hold things to hurt people, the strike is not restricted to one pattern: hand can raise sand, foot can throw stones.
《Thunder Fire》
With a fierce technique to throw two objects, one slow and one fast, one first and one after, as if a fast thunder chasing fire urn, only to be two objects in front of the enemy collide with each other can be issued a very powerful shock, this is the "thunder and fire hitch" also.
《Dragon Spit Dragon Ball》
The so-called "dragon spitting pearl" is a strange technique of exhaling internal qi with profound power, and using it to urge concealed weapons to burst out and hurt people. When exhaling, the performer throat sound, rumbling as if the dragon whispering.
《Divine Power of Red Blue Fire》
The recipe says: "The left hand is the yin and the right hand is the yang, the left and the right turn by the yin and the yang". The power of red and green divine fire power must use both hands, the concealed weapon issued by the positive and negative force traction and rapid rotation, the force multiplied dramatically, fierce than the fire.
《Blood Burning》
Burning blood work fierce and violent, fierce and incomparable, the performer's body is red, blood boiling like burning, although this work is too domineering can not last, but at this time a throw can give birth to a thousand pounds of huge force.
《9 Refining of The Sun》
Nine refinements of the Golden Crow, also known as "nine injections of horizontal energy", is the nine strongest internal energy to the Yang Yang to the strongest on top of the object of the strange techniques, nine injections of horizontal energy is incomparably strong, the energy will be released, or hands and feet touching the immediate destruction.
《Ghost Poison Sand》
Wild ghost poison sand moves are chaotic, no rules to follow, but the poison sand concealed weapons have always been not to the law as the fundamental, only the opportunity to adapt, surprise and victory is the key to its superiority.
《Decayed Worm Sand》
Although the toxicity is slow, it is extremely difficult to get rid of if it is half contaminated, so the person who uses this method must first wrap the poisonous sand in a cloth bag before he can use it.
《Bone-Corrosion Sand》
Bone rotten intestines sand hidden in the Yin femur, its quality is the most filthy, its poison is the most Yin evil, this sand from the Yin femur, the evil poison contained in the wind will be issued, even if the nurture of this poison sand will not dare to touch easily.
《Grave Sand》
As the saying goes: "one step withered bones, one step sand, step on the yellow grave ghost away from home". The yellow grave sand wrapped in the bottom of the foot, stretching the foot that is issued, the toxicity of the fierce evil, even the evil ghosts in the grave can not help but retreat, leaving the "home" and flee.
《Golden Toad Voodoo Sand》
Golden Toad five poisonous sand moves bizarre, extremely strong toxicity, need to secret method of poison sand embedded in the teeth and fingers and claws, when the enemy, just snap your fingers and blow will be able to kill people, the face is like gold paper, all the eyes are cracked and died.
《Lady Poison》
With gas to sand is certainly difficult, but the poisonous maiden sand technique can be the poisonous sand of the Royalty are separated, as if each poisonous sand are suspended above the thin wire, can be drawn at will to and from, like a fantasy.
《Bloodhound's Sand》
The Bloodhound's Sand Technique is incomparable, it is a horrible technique that hides the poisonous sand under the tongue and throat, and then uses the strongest and strongest true qi in the dantian to spray out wildly to destroy the enemy.
《Swordsmanship of Flower Brush》
As the saying goes: "the sword does not work tail, the party is Emei". Flicking flower plundering shadow sword is light and elegant, the stance is continuous, like a swallow bird chasing a shadow, a butterfly through a flower, the sword tip never deflects, always pointing directly at the enemy's body.
《Swordsmanship of Hidden Swordmaster》
It is said that it is the sword technique taught to the Taoist in Emei Mountain by the white ape in the mountain. Its stance is loose outside and tight inside, simple and dynamic, and the sword is used in both long and short lines, which is natural.
《Swordsmanship of White Eyebrow》
The White Eyebrow Sword Technique is a combination of attack and defense, soft and rigid, with the sword moving like a swallow flying and the sword falling like the wind stopping. It is called "White Eyebrow Sword Technique" because it was passed down from the ancestor of the Emei School, and can be considered the foundation of the Emei Sword Technique.
《Swordsmanship of Lotus》
The recipe says: "Feng Ze Zhong Fu is the guest from the main, water and fire that is to help the virtual reality". Although the Lotus Wonderful Sword moves to show weakness, avoiding the heavy, but can invisibly pull the enemy's momentum to move with me, and finally the virtual pole to produce the real, weakness to win the strong.
《Swordsmanship of Yue Maiden》
The Yue woman sword method is loose and flexible, light and magical, out will be to the gods, line will move the soul, it is: "body as if the warbler through the willow, sword like chasing the soul does not leave the person; win or lose only half a hand, even if the Yue woman also lost soul".
《Swordsmanship of Remnant Rainbow》
"Emei Sword Technique is wonderful into the gods, the residual rainbow a style to determine the Qiankun". The sword style of the residual rainbow sword is incomparably fast, it can be described as pouring its strength in a movement, its work in a blow, the momentum is like thunder, the sword out like a residual rainbow.
《Divine Swordsmanship of Pure Girl》
Jade divine sword high posture and handsome, clear and strange incomparable, gong into the natural, the machine contains a million changes, line sword intention floating, form timid, God light, lightly between the sword I have a total of one.
《Wudang Swordsmanship》
Wudang Danjian is the internal sword technique of Wudang School, which focuses on the unity of mind, spirit and sword, and the sword moves like the line of dragon, with the head and tail corresponding, the odd and positive, and the divine rhythm is free, and the path is accomplished with divine footing.
《Wudang Swordsmanship of Unfettered》
Wudang Free Sword is light and rounded, the virtual and real use each other, the sword with the walk, the gods clear meaning clear, sword moves because of the enemy change, not constrained to become law, up like the air strike dance, fall like the wind sweeping dust.
《Swordsmanship of Rainbow White》
White rainbow sword method is simple and unadorned, the sword all in front of the body a foot, the enemy into my attack, the enemy retreat I guard, the enemy sword time to time for my bond, can be said: "Shun people's style, borrowing people's strength, to static brake, after the first to arrive".
《Swordsmanship of The Ultra One Mysterious》
There is a saying: "The sky is overturned and the birds fly, the ground is rolled and does not touch the dust, out of the seemingly invisible, go also no shadow". Taiyi Xuanmen sword hand divided into yin and yang, step on the nine palaces, the internal integration of its gas, external integration of its shape, can be described as the gods and shapes are also wonderful.
《Pure Yang Sword Intent》
The pure Yang sword intent is soft, active and spacious, calm and brave, focusing on "containing but not revealing, hidden but self-understanding, each method is consistent, there is a mystery inside", the sword qi is naturally developed, can eliminate ice and release snow, shine at night to subdue evil.
《Swordsmanship of Roving Dragon》
"Like a light wind without a sword, but see the sword light without a person". True wu wandering dragon sword line like a dragon out of the water, fixed like a spiritual snake catching mice, sometimes as if no sword, sometimes as if no one, can be described as the most subtle.
《Swordsmanship of Taichi》
Taiji Sword Technique brings together the qi of Yin and Yang, exhausts the Qi of heaven and earth, the sword is loose and natural, the body is quiet and the spirit is relaxed, continuous, heavy intention is not gravity, it is the first sword of the world's internal arts created by the founding master of Wudang School.
《Congenital Youngyang Sword Intent》
The so-called "innate Shaoyang": "Shaoyang, a Yang of the beginning of the movement; innate, the origin of the heavenly man also. The innate Shaoyang sword qi is the personal essence of Yang Qi, the purest and most true, the most Yang and strongest.
《Limitless Sword Form》
The Wuji sword style has no sound, no color, no beginning, no end, and no name, so it is called "Wuji". The sword of Wuji is like a sword but not a sword, but it is a sword everywhere without a sword, which is the beginning of all swords and the end of all swords.
《Swordsmanship of Arhat》
Luohan's sword technique is rigid and unyielding, rigorous in law, the sword is steady and powerful, with very few twists and turns, and every time the sword is used, it is a Buddhist sword technique that uses defense as the attack, and is stable in all directions.
《Swordsmanship of Pudu》
There are ten stances in total, pointing to the four sides of the body in ten different directions, and the sword is neutral and calm, only going and not returning, which is the meaning of "the sword sends out ten directions, and universalizes all beings".
《Swordsmanship of Seventy Two Rages》
Seventy-two anger sword is extremely fierce, not only the line of sword straight up and down, such as making a single knife, and each sword move have a rebuke and anger with it, the sound is like thunder anger electricity anger, especially amazing.
《Swordsmanship of Great Mercy》
"Great compassion and all beings are happy, great compassion to pull up all beings suffering". The sword of great compassion has a strict law, always without slackness, seemingly defending the enemy but actually disciplining oneself, the sword power varies according to the enemy, the more evil the enemy is, the stronger the power.
《Swordsmanship of Manjusri's Wisdom》
The Manjushri Great Wisdom Sword has five styles, each with 500 small changes and 50 big changes, all of which can be divided and combined into one, and are so profound that even those with extraordinary intelligence cannot exhaust their mysteries.
《Skanda Swordsmanship of Defeat Demon》
Wei pack voodoo sword swift and brave, sword out of the golden light, can instantly hit dozens of feet away, the strength of its power, as if Wei pack heaven holding a pestle to town the masses of demons, inviolable, absolutely no fade shift.
《Swordsmanship of Supreme Bodhi》
The supreme bodhi sword is simple and calm, clear and pure, the sword does not give rise to fatigue, always resolves all delusions, its body is vast, its virtue is boundless, as if the Buddhas are the supreme ultimate righteousness, it is the true essence of the true fruit of the Buddhist sword.
《Swordsmanship of Dharma》
Dharma Sword Technique is righteous, both brave and straightforward in the right way to defeat the devil, but also not lose the subtlety of the subtle changes, it is: "body into meditation without thought, the sword walks the mystery of the ten directions of the circle".
《Swordsmanship of Round-Trip》
The so-called "coming and going": "going, throwing the sword to hurt the enemy, like an arrow leaving the string; coming, flying back to the sword, the sword does not touch the dust". The coming and going swordplay is clever and light, with strange moves, and the sword can be taken off at any time and returned at any time.
《Swordsmanship of Sanchin》
Three clear sword technique is the authentic Taoist sword art, sword moves are strict and simple without losing the subtlety, practiced to the most sophisticated depths, can be in a sword in three swords, called "one gas three clear" also.
《Flying Sword》
The flying sword technique is the unique secret tradition of the Ransan School, able to control the enemy from a hundred paces away with the internal energy of the sword, the sword is self-recovery, self return, as if the sword on the wings, as if the magic through the spirit.
《Swordsmanship of Open-Close》
There is a saying: "To observe the opening and closing of yin and yang in order to determine things, and to know the gateway of survival". The art of opening and closing the sword is based on the profound art of mathematics, knowing the four seasons and the six qi, so that we can see the shadow and the shape, and know the yin and yang of heaven and earth, and even see the endlessness of imagination.
《Swordsmanship of Water Beetle》
The water from the mother of the son of the sword change subtle, because of the situation, the enemy unknowingly has been drawn by the sword moves, no longer difficult to get rid of, it is: "If the water from the mother of the son of also, out of the interminable, into the subtle, alone to come alone, no one can stop".
《Swordsmanship of 9 Lights》
Tai Bao Jiu Hua sword is the most precious Taoist sword, sword moves deep and mysterious, no external phase, sword power in the rigid in the soft, no lack of surplus, walking sword as if the gods in the side, a move are solemn and dignified, aura.
《Swordsmanship of Yinyang Reversed》
The so-called "yin and yang reverse sword": "the sword is sent like a collection, the sword goes like a return, to bend for stretch, with obscure but clear"; the line of sword reverse yin and yang, never with the sword's sharpness to hurt people, but in the dull and clumsy place of great power.
《Origin Sword Intent》
"Tai Shi is the unity of yin and yang, the beginning of the form". Tai Shi Sword Qi is transformed into form by Qi, with form but no quality, no quality so follow the can not, there is no birth and death, so and not bound by things, no control.
《Ever-Changing 14 Swordmanship》
As the saying goes, "There is no limit to the number of transformations". The Fourteen Swords of Ten Thousand Transformations are infinite and can be transformed into ten thousand things.
《12 Ways of Assassination》
Twelve fish intestine stabbing sword is fast and brave, small and light, although the sword moves are all straight stab, but the direction of the sword curved like a fish intestine, extremely fast changes, and can be sent close to the body, especially dangerous.
《Gongbu The Unique Sword》
Kobo Dokuichi sword fierce evil and severe, sword force ruthless, out of the sword sharp, without flinching, depending on the enemy's blocking frame in nothing, if the incomparable sharpness of the sword out, more powerful.
《Incomplete Sword of MoreEvil》
Sheng evil remnant sword a total of ninety-nine eighty-one, when the sword, each style never exhausted, so called "remnant", its style is remnant, but its power is constantly accumulating in the next style, so the more remnant stronger, a style more than a vicious.
《Heavy Sword of GreatTower》
Although the sword is incomparably clumsy, the force of the sword is a thousand pounds, and no one can stop it. However, ordinary iron sword is absolutely difficult to withstand such a strong force, so this sword method of divine power is extremely difficult to show.
《7 Star Swordsmanship of DragonPool》
Dragon Abyss Seven Stars Sword Technique is profound and mysterious, extensive and magnificent, the upper should be the seven stars of the Big Dipper, the lower should be the mountains and rivers and mountains, the sword comes out like a dragon coiling, like a snake walking, if performed with a soft sword, the sword blade can also be winding and circling, its magic is not only multiplied.
《Taier Immeasurable Sword》
Tai Ah infinite sword is heavy and powerful, the power is strange, once the exercise, within a few feet around the flying sand and rocks, the wind is angry, the true power burst out, the group of fierce people to deter obedience, all covered in the vertical and horizontal under the sword qi.
《Sword Intent of Pure Soul》
Pure jun sword qi is the essence of the soul of the sword issued, its Wah like sunlight, like clear water, five colors and see, instantly a hundred miles, can break things without sound, can cut gold like mud, the more precious sword, the more pure its qi.
《Swordsmanship of SuperbCore》
Zhanlu Sword Technique was handed down by Ouyezi, the ancestor of sword casting, and is the most precious treasure of the Sword Casting Villa. This sword method exhausts the body and use of the sword, and reaches the nature and spirit of the sword, and the sword is happy to sound itself, and the sword is powerful when killing the enemy.
《Swordsmanship of Green Beard》
The Miao people have believed since ancient times: "the tree has a god, the stone has a ghost". Green beard sword technique is created by imitating the magical posture of the "sacred tree" hanging moss from the vine, with twisting and turning sword moves.
《Swordsmanship of Billhook》
The hook and sickle swordsmanship and the Chinese sword art is very different, as if the harvest shaving grass, moves against the drag and reverse, weird incomparable. Miao people are used to farming, good at making hook blade, so it is transformed into sword art, so it becomes "hook and sickle sword art".
《Swordsmanship of Ghost Old Lady》
Ghost granny sword is the Miao people "sacrifice ghost" use. This sword method is fast and changeable, weird moves are very much, the sword seems to shoulder crooked step, hobbling to defeat, but the sword force is unusually fierce, like a hungry tiger see sheep.
《Holy Wood Swordsmanship》
The sacred wood warding off evil sword is from the calm and neat, fine and strange natural, sword force Yang and simple, vibrant, the song has a cloud: "all the evil to ward off easy to welcome spring, the sacred wood sweeping obscure is out of bud, big ghosts also fled, small children also fled".
《Soul Chasing Swordsmanship》
"The sword is like a ghost, like a shadow following closely, killing without a face, taking the soul without seeing the person". The ghost face soul-chasing sword is like a ghost's life, walking sword will be hidden behind people, never face to face with people, incomparably bizarre and horrifying.
《Holy Ruler Swordsmanship》
God's ruler to cut the demon sword is strange and mysterious, can transport the sword when the invisible sword Qi issued to hurt the enemy, the sword Qi and the birth of a land of luster, illusion and indeterminate, seems to have the power to cut the demon and remove the magic.
《Swordsmanship of Azure Spider》
Green spiders are light and tricky, extremely poisonous and super worldly, and are the "supreme sage" of the Five Immortals. The Green Spider Sword Technique is the best of the spider's posture, moving like a thousand threads, as dense as rain, quietly, the form is broken, hidden in a million changes.
《Jieqing Rapid Sword》
KAI Qing fast sword is quick to send and receive, sensitive and fast and dense, the foot does not stop, that is to go that stab, can be in the blink of an eye while stabbing the enemy's body 17 vital points, fast like eider tend to leap, star stream lightning strike.
《Swordsmanship of Intercourse Breaking》
KAI Qingmen specializes in making the sword of absolute righteousness, this sword method, although the moves are ordinary and unspectacular, but out of a common injury, hair is the same kill, the implementation of all the life-threatening moves, especially feared by the Jianghu people.
《Sword Intent of Fear》
"the sky decorated south three stars said salty pool, fish caught also, moving is not pass, the world is defeated and chaos". The salty pool sword gas is the gas of disaster, especially fierce and dangerous, the internal gas is closed, the true Qi rebellion, the spirit of destruction and death.
《Jieqing Hidden Rapid Sword》
KAI Qing dark hand fast sword stance hidden, pay attention to: "hair no blade, no blood", out of the sword without shadow, as fast as the super dust of the wind, lightning fire, can break people's necks and never fall head.
《Swordsmanship of Kill》
The killing sword is severe and vicious, only attacking but not defending, it is a desperate sword technique with advancement but no retreat, with death but no life. Kill the sword together, the sword operator will put life and death outside, the enemy died before receiving, until death.
《Swordsmanship of Netherworld》
Underworld sword method Yin and soft harm, hidden and obscure, seemingly out of not out, not out has to, undetectable, unnameable, there is a way: "see the invisible, hear the silent, the underworld, so metaphorical and not the way.
The Immaculate Seven Swords
The so-called "Flawless Seven Absolute Sword" is a secret sword technique that cuts off "joy, anger, worry, thought, grief, fear, and fright" to the point of acting like a puppet, thoughtless and thoughtless, thus reaching the realm of sword transformation with flawless sword power.
《Mysterious Sword Intent》
XuanMei sword qi to Yin to cold, bitterly cold and tragic cut, the sword qi envelope where the breath into frost, dripping water into ice, like the ice pick of scraping bones, such as the harsh wind through the heart, when the person immediately turned into pieces of broken ice.
《Blade of Trigrams And Elements》
The Bagua Wu Xing knife has a total of 64 stances, when the knife is in motion, the feet step on the Bagua Palace formation, the knife hides the five changes, the steps follow the knife, the knife changes with the steps, continuous, inexhaustible.
《Blade of 6 Directions》
Liuhe knife method is created in response to the changes of the six meridians of the earth, the guard is also strong, the attack is also strong, as the recipe says: "guard like the Wuwei merging earth, soft with rigid and tough; attack like the Chen You merging gold, the wind and thunder suddenly rise disaster".
《Blade of Tiger Step Extremely Far》
As the saying goes, "Beyond Kyushu there are eight yin, beyond eight yin there are eight vastnesses, beyond eight vastnesses there are eight poles". The tiger step eight pole sword is wide open and wide closed, the strength goes to the cross, sinking and degenerating, and the sword can reach the four sides and eight poles.
《Golden Blade of The Ultra One》
Taiyi gold knife mixed sink natural, a breath of air, the intention of the five elements of yin and yang, the body away from the strange, knife force is strong, change is also fine, people called the Taoist knife method of "Jinhua" also.
《Blade of 7 Star》
The Seven Star Sword Technique has 196 stances, which correspond to the changes of the seven stars of the Big Dipper in the four seasons.
《Blade of Endless》
Wuji knife method style without constant momentum, knife without constant shape, mind without constant thought, God without constant master, subtle and mysterious, wisdom and courage without bounds, there is a way: "the law is endless, with infinite, infinite, no end, thought of the endless".
《Heavenly Spirit Blade》
The "Big Dipper" is a four-pronged sword, which is the center of the four directions, and resides in the sky, which is the true earth of Yang Essence. The Big Dipper Sword Technique is very powerful and powerful, and it is the ultimate attainment of the Daoist Dharma Sword, and it is also the true method of the Xuanmen Way.
《Divine Blade of Mysterious》
Taixuan divine knife outside the yin and yang with the Chen, good and evil and see, in the inner letter to connect the gods, transformation and into the mystery, it is: "God war in the mystery of the sky and people together, the meditation of the cross with Fu into the transformation of the gods", the method of the mysterious and mysterious, wonderful.
《Ground Blade of Lion Face》
The lion phase ground trip knife is the unique knife method of the lion phase door, focusing on: "line will roll, walking will fall, wrapped in a circle to wipe, the knife body connected", all the moves to slash the enemy's lower legs.
《Rapid Blade of Mountain Cleave》
Although the Stance is simple and crude, the sword is refined and simple, with no unnecessary Stance, but it is also brave and uncommon.
《Shield Blade of Lion Phase》
"It is also called "chopping and hanging". The lion-phase cleaving knife is wide open, large slashing, long and short, long and far, fierce and fierce.
《Tremendous Effort Blade》
Nine cattle two tigers knife rigid Lu Yong, infinite force, each knife cut out are nine cattle two tigers of the huge force, even if only a slight shock by the knife force, but also inevitably skin open flesh, broken tendons and fractures.
《Blade of Ao Slashing》
The "Ao Zang" knife technique has a low posture and is designed to cut the legs and feet. Legend has it that "Nuwa broke the ao is enough to establish the four poles", this knife method is called "chopping ao", meaning that one knife can cut off the pillar holding the four poles of Xuanhuang, the power of the great, extraordinary.
《Overlord Blade》
Overlord knife is strong and domineering, brave, there are a total of two types of knife and ten kinds of magic, this knife, like breaking the cauldron, there is no retreat, as if leaning on the sky and pulling up the ground, there are ten thousand men not the power.
《Gold Lion Blade》
"The Golden Geibi, is the demon is to suppress the evil beast golden lion also". Golden Geibi demon knife is incomparably strong, infinitely powerful, out of the knife and as a lion roar, a hundred beasts are terrified, the group is not deterred.
《Coiled Dragon Ghost Blade》
The Ghost Eight Style Coiling Dragon Sword is the first swift and fierce sword method in the world, with eight styles: "open, rest, life, injury, du, jing, death, and fright", which means: "step through the eight gates, sword walking Coiling Dragon, evil and severe like a ghost, angry and fast like thunder".
《Wild Blade》
Mad knife fierce and fierce, brave and unparalleled, the stronger the battle, the stronger the madness, the shape like the heart of the angry Geibi, like the tiger of the sick madness, is the most fierce in the fierce, mad in the most mad, the eight wilderness and six, no one can stop.
《Blade of General》
The recipe says: "If the enemy steps, I will tend to, if the enemy tends to, I will chase". Xinting Hou's saber is strong and upright, bold and courageous, aggressive, following the enemy's body and moving at all times.
《Blade of Master Ruan》
Ruan's swordsmanship is spacious and generous, twisting and turning, entering like a plow, retreating like a whirling cart, with the tip of the sword, the back of the sword, the blade, the hilt, and the head of the sword to perform all kinds of powerful killing moves, especially the seven styles of the head of the sword are the most powerful.
《Battle Blade of Dragon Sparrow》
Daxia dragon sparrow hundred battles knife courageous and decisive, the law is strict, the knife momentum soaring air and sweeping the ground, such as the wind and grass, knife method a thousand refinements, far-reaching origin, non-ancient sharp weapon is not enough to show its majesty.
《Blade of Jade Carving》
As the old saying goes, "To cut jade, one must use the Kunwu knife". Although the Kunwu knife technique is not a jade cutting technique, but the moves are flexible and subtle, with many changes, and the knife is like carving jade, delicate and exquisite, also like the Kunwu's jade cutting, when the person is broken inch by inch.
《Blade of Ghost Chef》
The ghost Butcher knife method frame position strange small, knife position strange dangerous, moving knife is very little, the enemy body has been solved, there is a way: "Butcher untie the cattle, swimming edge, with God encounter and not with the eyes, the officer knows to stop and God wants to line".
《Red Blade of 7 End》
The so-called red knife of the "seven extremes": "one is to carry the mountain, two is to break the water, three is to walk frost tiptoe clouds, four is to drive the light to move the scene, five is to return to the wind back to the fire, six is to shake the ground by forcing the yang volt, seven is to return to the right hide to change the shape".
《Incomplete Blade》
Swift and unparalleled knife style, human knife as one, the line of knives turn like a gyroscope, spinning like a hurricane, the enemy has been the death of a thousand knives, before hearing its sound, before seeing its knife light, is a rare fast knife skills in the world.
《The Last Blade of Minghong》
Ming Hong absolute knife is very powerful, non-human can manage, once performed, the operator will fall into the control of the knife method, with the knife will be invincible in the world, against the knife will be immediately subject to the backlash and die.
《Vajra Blade》
Vajra knife method is steady and heavy, strong and powerful, knife moves turn very little, pay attention to: "strong to attack strong, to just overcome just", as if the steel knife is the indestructible protector of the Vajra.
《Rakkhasa Blade》
The Rakshasa sword technique is created in imitation of the posture of the evil ghost Rakshasa, which is weird and hideous, fast and horrible. Its advance is fierce and vicious, making a wrathful appearance, as if it wants to eat human flesh and blood; its retreat is beautiful, making a playful smile, especially demonic and evil.
《Blade of Evil Influence》
Devil's block is not only an obstacle to practice, but also a teacher and friend of the true path. The more the mind is sharpened, the stronger the sword power will be, and when the demons are receded, the sword method will be completed.
《Blade of Soul Heat》
The "Spiritual Heat" is created by turning the internal energy into internal fire, and is attached to the blade with the Spiritual Heat, thus becoming the Spiritual Heat Knife. Spiritual heat knife is stronger than steel, sharper than a needle and awl, fierce as a blaze, and can be sent through the air.
《Blade of Vajra Fall》
As the saying goes, "Vajra is angry, so it subdues the four devils". The divine power of the Vajra is incomparably solid and strong, and it has the divine power of destroying foreigners, which is especially formidable and fearful.
《Vajra Prajna Blade》
"Vajrapani" is the true wisdom and power of Vajra. The Vajrapani sword is the essence of the Vajra sect's sword technique, with extremely strong and powerful power. No matter what obstacles are encountered, the power of the sword never decreases and its momentum never shifts.
《Ruyibaolun Blade》
Although there are only seven stances, but the sword "like the Buddha's statement, round and unhindered, running endlessly", but seems to have an endless knife moves and power, the treasure wheel turns where, all the devils are destroyed by it.
《Blade of 6 Mighty Powers》
With the tantra to use the vajra blade, the mouth chanting "Om, mana, thunder, ba, mimic, un" six words of truth, can generate endless power, infinite blessings, out of the knife and show the six divine powers, this is the six divine power knife.
《Blade of Mahakala》
Mahakala knife is the supreme of all protective divine power of the vajra sect, the transmission of four supreme law: "a said infinite number of ghosts and gods dependents, two said the seven mothers of the heavenly maiden to give blessings, three said the mound to suppress ghosts and evil, four said the life of the rich and unbroken".
《Blade of Fulong》
The Fulong sword is strong and powerful, with the unity of movement and stillness, concealing the changes of Qi Men Dun Jia, following the law of the nine stars of transportation, and the stillness of the middle palace to control the four directions, and the movement of the broken army to cut the small group.
《Drunk Blade》
The nine palace drunken knife first emphasis on the palace formation of the walking turn, line knife seems half drunk half awake, half tilted half slanted, but in fact, the form of drunken intention is not drunk, drunken step heart is not drunk, false guard and real hair, meet the strike and avoid, take advantage of the gap and enter, pointing east to hit the west.
《4 Slashes of Dragontooth》
Dragon's tooth four cuts, although all the fierce cutting and hacking of the straight knife move, but the power is amazing and should not be underestimated. The chop has four: "a cut bull broken head, two cut tiger broken forehead, three cut long whale cracked spine, four cut dragon broken tail".
《Blade of Mindsets And Thoughts》
The six hearts and four minds knife line stop without traces, like drunkenness and fascination, wanting to enter and retreat, wanting to east and west, knife moves in the twist and turn changes extremely, can not be inferred by common sense, there is a ghost of God out of the strange.
《81 Slashes of Madness Dragon》
The 81 cuts of the mad dragon are all in the fierce pattern of the odd gate, and are fierce and vicious to the extreme. Its start is called "snake", which means "false alarm and unrest, all things are unfavorable"; its fall is called "dragon escape", which means "six animals are injured, all things are bad ".
《The Great Drunk Blade of Yinyang》
Each knife move has positive and negative yin and yang: the yang is applied with the back of the knife, like a dragon manifesting itself and soaring; the yin is applied with the blade of the knife, like a ghost, concealing itself.
《Dragonslayed Blade of Innocent Child》
"Drunk in the East China Sea, fallen rainbow, woke up in the Penglai Haunted Palace of Immortals, ten thousand taels of muddy gold cast red son, an inch of heart cut white dragon". Red son cut the dragon knife is the true fire in the flame, stone in the red gold, pure and flawless, the essence of the strong has been extremely.
《Hegemony Blade of 9 Dragons》
Nine dragon hegemony sword is fierce and unmatched, invincible, the line of knives flying domineering, carefree, tangible chopping shape, invisible chopping shadow, knife knife is all true power, can be described as powerful and pluck the world, brave and super dust.
《Shaolin Staff of 6 Directions》
Shaolin Liuhe Baton stance is clear and fast, not simple and not complicated, still straight take fast attack and avoid wandering, out of the stick to pay attention to the "inner three heats" and "outer three heats", inside and outside together, six heats together, so the name "Liuhe Baton "Liuhe".
《Shaolin Staff of Yin-Yang》
The so-called "yin and yang stick" is because this stick method is divided into two groups of stances: internal and external, upper and lower, and riding and stepping, and the two groups of stances can be used separately, as well as high and low, up and down together.
《QiMei Staff of 18 Points》
The 18-point Qimei Baton is about "striking at random and hitting a group of enemies with the Baton", which can attack 18 enemies in one move, and can also apply 18 strikes to the same enemy at the same time.
《Yakkha Staff》
The big and small nightstick can be put long and strike far, but also close into the arms, and more reverse pick, fast point, poke and other severe techniques, it is "three parts stick method seven parts gun method", both short and long, also stick and gun.
《Staff of Sheep-Hunting Tigers》
The five tigers and sheep sticks are rigorous and imposing. When carrying the sticks, the whole body is focused, up and down, left and right, and can attack the enemy when pitching, advancing or retreating.
《Shaolin Staff of Madness》
Shaolin crazy devil stick sweeping southeast and northwest, evil cleavage in all directions, fierce and clever, stabbing the sky and hitting the ground, to avoid the taboo of not respecting the orientation of heaven and earth, so the name "crazy devil", is not a bit "crazy" attitude.
《Skanda Staff》
Vedic demon-subduing staff is strong and courageous, incomparably heavy and majestic, under the staff envelope, everywhere is invisible astral energy, attack can destroy the evil to complement the righteous, to eliminate the devil to defend the way, the defense is also strong and unbreakable, solid as a golden fortress.
《The Great Wisdom Bodhi Staff》
"Shaolin martial arts is the true meaning of the true fruit of martial arts. Da Zhi Bodhi staff method in the martial arts is transcendent and wonderful, and in Zen, it makes people see the truth and realize the truth, which can be called "Zen and martial arts unity" of the supreme righteousness.
《Dharma Staff》
There is a saying: "stick is the ancestor of a hundred weapons", Dharma staff method is the ancestor of all stick art staff method. Dharma staff method has a total of forty-eight styles, is the Dharma ancestor of the true art, its method is exquisite and ancient, divine.
《Spear of Evil》
The evil fury gun style moves rough, out of the gun fierce exception, the force will be exhausted, the momentum will be the end, in the person in their own do not leave half a margin, as its name, as if the fierce god evil fury general.
《Soul-Severed Spear of 5 Tigers》
As the saying goes: "an inch long, an inch strong, the stick hit a piece, the gun stuck a little". The five tiger soul-breaking spear has little variation, but it is especially good at attacking the short with the long, and taking the enemy's body to the vital point with a long and straightforward momentum.
《8 Mother's Spear of Lion Phase》
Lion phase eight mother gun is the essence of the spear technique that has been passed down from generation to generation in the Lion phase family, a total of "sealing, closing, lifting, capturing, taking, stopping, returning, wrapping" eight styles, this eight style that is the fundamental of all gun techniques, so called "mother gun" also.
《General's 16 Spear》
Huanhou sixteen guns calm and firm, the law is extremely strict, stop must "hand, foot, gun, three tips shine", line must "circle, shake, shake, gun round like a dragon", it is: "gun round like a dragon infinite power, three tips shine mountain hard to shake ".
《Spear of Universe》
Qiankun gun method has a total of 64 stances, is from the sixty-four trigrams in the innate sky out of the strange gun method, its changes are certainly wonderful, but also does not lose the lion phase door of the fierce style, can be said to be soft but also rigid, rigid and soft.
《Spear of Mountain-Shaking Beasts》
Hundred beasts Zhen Yue gun stance although straight, although the gun is slow, but the gun force is thick, majestic, rumbling like a hundred beasts roar among them, the mountains and rivers are shocked by it.
《Lion Spear of Madness Dragon》
The man looks like a lion, the gun looks like a mad dragon, the man has the power to deter the ghosts, the gun has the power to overthrow the earth. Dragon and lion gun can be united, can also be divided into two, combined with the power of infinite, divided by the fierce.
《Overlord Spear of Dragon》
The Tolong King's spear is created by Xiang Yu, the king of Chu, and cannot be mastered by anyone other than a man of unparalleled power. The King's spear is magnificent and brave, fierce and fierce, and it has the power of ghosts and gods, which is difficult for a thousand armies and invincible for ten thousand men.
《Dragon-Defeated Staff》
The Dragon Subduing Baton Technique is rigorous and steady, with a clear distinction of movement and stillness, focusing on: "If the enemy does not move, I do not move; if the enemy wants to move, I move first", using the square and rounded batons, curving and coiling low, looking like a coiled dragon lying on the ground.
《Staff of Sweep Cloud》
There are fourteen stances in total, which correspond to the fourteen main stars of the astrological Dou Shu. The sticks are light and spacious, with the first emphasis on sweeping and splitting, and the shadow of the sticks is faintly glowing with haze, and if the sticks are used to sweep the haze, the haze will be even stronger.
《Staff of 10 Directions》
The ten directions of the staff is majestic, with great opening and closing, and the beginning of the stance is always with the head of the staff pointing to the sky and the tail of the staff pointing to the ground, meaning: the top of the sky and the ground, all ten directions are between my staff, and all ten directions belong to me.
《Staff of Ghost Head》
The Ghost Head Baton Technique is mysterious, rigid and fierce, with the coexistence of false lead and real strike, each style can be improved by retreating and turning from advance to retreat, and even if it hits the enemy's body, the power can be instantly transferred between the real and the false, which is unpredictable.
《Staff of Gold Eyes Tiger》
The Golden Eye Xuanhu Baton Technique is thick and heavy without losing swiftness, brave without losing ingenuity, and has many blindfolds, and if it can be performed with a jeweled staff, it can perform countless dazzling techniques to control the enemy.
《Staff of Mystical Island》
Penglai immortal ruler stance is exquisite, a total of 91 stances, each style and nine different changes, the implementation of the seemingly non-existent, come and go without a trace, can be described as impeccable, difficult to block difficult to defend.
《Divine Staff of Ocean Carry》
As the saying goes: "The white jade pillar of the sky, the purple gold beam of the sea". The staff of the God of the Sea is incomparably brave and infinitely powerful, with which the staff of a thousand pounds can be used like an arm, lifting the weight as lightly as possible, and its method of energy is incomparably unique and rare in the world.
《Iron Staff of Mixed Element》
It is not only powerful and strong, but also exquisite and marvelous, with the staff being interlocked and circulated in an endless way, and the power of the staff is not soft but rigid, with both yin and yang, as one.
《Stab of 5 Elements》
The five elements of the thorns are fast, flexible and clever, and the left and right twin thorns can contain different changes of the five elements.
《Stab of Lost Soul》
There is a saying: "See it like a good woman, take it like a fearful tiger". The soul-lost stab moves are hidden and hard to detect, and the action seems soft and feeble, but the counterattack is exceptionally swift, so the enemy will be caught off guard and lose his mind in fear.
《Beauty Stab》
The beauty of the thorn light, soft and active, delicate, quiet as a virgin, moving like a rabbit, the strike is to let to avoid its sharpness, the enemy received that follow to strike its inert return, always not arrogant, as if it were.
《Stab of Dexterity Snake》
"Poisonous like a two-headed snake, ruthless like a two-tailed scorpion". Spiritual snake stab is as fast as lightning, swift than a meteor, is a special attack on the enemy's knees, instep, toes, heel of the strange stabbing method, double cone of green mane into the ground at times, like a spiritual snake circling at all times.
《Shadow Stab》
It is difficult to hide and difficult to let go of the shadow stab, never elusive, as fast as lightning and fire, especially good at hiding the shape of the shadow, as the saying goes: "with his form when I am invisible, what can he do, what can I find".
《Divine Needle of Meditation Wisdom》
The so-called "fixed wisdom" means "to enter into meditation by abandoning distracting thoughts, and to generate wonderful happiness from meditation, and to generate wisdom from wonderful happiness, and finally to let go of thoughts and quietness, with no more hindrance".
《Pure Girl's Stab》
Jade Lady thorn high posture floating, disorienting and invisible, people do not see their attack, do not see their defense, do not see their attack has been attacked, do not see their defense has been guarded, come without shadow, go without trace, such as ghosts, like a spiritual shuttle.
《Immortal Needle of Golden Top》
The Golden Peak Immortal Needle is issued by the internal energy of the Hunyuan, which is concerned with: "the desire to view the orifices, no desire to view the wonders, where a thought wants to move, when heaven and earth are not shaped", its power is invisible and without phase, and its method is indebted to no surplus.
《Tripping Spell》
Although the spell is called "spell", it is not the evil spell of the Jianghu warlord, but the unique secret technique of driving the internal energy from the enemy's foot to make him fall and get injured.
《Disable》
If the victim is not strong enough, he or she will easily fall into a state of paralysis and disorientation, as if he or she has been fixed by a spell.
《Shocking Spell》
The Ghost Scare talisman can subdue demons and suppress ghosts, and can send out very strange internal energy, this internal energy is harmless to the enemy's body, but very strange, incomparable horror, there is a saying that "shock is gas chaos", the person inevitably gas rushed to the skull and brain and died.
《Summoning Thunder》
"Five thunder three thousand generals, thunder flow eight barbarian soldiers, fire light burns the world, evil demons turn into dust". Five thunder invocation incantation is a strange art of gathering true qi in the hands, feet and heart, bursting out lightning and powerful to destroy the enemy.
《Hexa-Jia Arcane Benediction》
Nine words of the true word incantation is the Ransan school of breaking the enemy secret method, also known as "six armor secret wish", the wish said: "the fighter, all array forward", this nine words of the true power of the secret wish, mysterious and incomparable, nothing can be opened.
《The Puppet's Sealing Spell》
The so-called "Mu Gong" is also the "East King Gong". The incantation of the wood Gong is so powerful that it can bind all the demons and devils by the Qi of Donghua, and the person who is under this incantation cannot move his body, cannot speak, cannot turn his mind, and cannot change his mind.
《The 7 Whites' Exorcism》
"West true seven white, Hua Guang Jin De, burn demons and cut off the rebellion, to stop you ghost traces, rapid and speedy, Yang Wei kill power". Seven white breaking body law is a great sound, moving like thunder, can break all the demon confusion ghost trap, the magic barrier monster wall.
《Bless of The Stars》
The Nine Stars Golden Light Incantation can move the power of the nine yao and send out the essence of the nine stars. This incantation is incomparably powerful and infinitely divine, and can eliminate stones into powder and iron into ashes, remove 98,500 kinds of evil spirits, and sweep away the darkness of all things.
《Almighty Spell》
The mystery of the talisman is infinite, and the subtlety of the vacuum is that the talisman is written in one talisman, the mantra is edited in one mantra, the law is melted in one law, the god is transformed in one god, everything is returned to the origin, and everything is solved in nothingness.
《Rock-Breaking Poke》
The mortar and pestle is strong and powerful, the attack is fierce, hitting the stone can become powder, hitting the iron can produce traces, it is all based on a brutal force of courage and hair, once hit by it, the bones are bound to break.
《Dharma Protector's Poke》
The pestle and mortar are mostly defensive in response to the enemy, the pestle and mortar are calm and strong, solid as steel, its attacking technique is particularly special, it is to protect the whole body first, and then push the enemy with brute force, although attacking but still defending, without losing prudence.
《Demon's Poke》
Rakshasa mortar and pestle method is raging, very fierce and vicious, the strike will first run and leap, the attack is extraordinarily severe and vicious, it is: "its up like a mad tiger pouncing on people, its fall as if the evil ghost of the soul".
《Vajra's Anger》
The pestle and mortar have a total of 18 stances, which are powerful, heavy, strong, and indestructible, and show the wrath of Vajra.
《Chakravarti Poke》
The Great Wheel of Vajra is the "King of the Wheel of Dharma". It has the power of destroying karmic obstacles and the wisdom and virtue of breaking confusion and relieving disasters.
《Yamantaka Poke》
The Mahamudra Vajra is so fierce and powerful that it can subdue demons, hence the name Mahamudra, and has the power to protect goodness, hence the name Mahamudra. There are 34 postures and three methods of body, speech and mind, symbolizing the Bodhisattva's 37 teachings.
《Magical Treasure Tree》
It is said to have 8,000 stances, seven major actions, and 50 billion kinds of changes. It is like the Ruyi Treasure Tree, with seven precious leaves, seven precious nets, and 50 billion wonderful flower palaces.
《Acala Poke》
The Fudao Ming King is the supreme of all kings, and the Fudao Ming King's mortar and pestle is the supreme of all mortar and pestle methods, its power is so great and strong that it cannot be shaken.
《Whisk Swipe》
There is a saying: "holding a duster is not a mortal". The whisk is a Taoist magic weapon, the whisk work also from the Taoist law and born, the first emphasis on natural and free, to "continuous, one breath" for the application of the key.
《Wudang Metallic Swipe》
Wudang Iron Dust can be issued to the soft dust to firm than steel, weighing up to a hundred pounds of strong force, is soft but also rigid, rigid in the soft Wudang school unique dust technique.
《Taichi Swipe》
The two yi duster is divided into six methods of "unique yin, unique yang, harmony, mutual ease, turbid and clear, revealing and hiding", with a total of 36 stances, which are exquisite and varied, with yin and yang, connected at every stage, like a chain.
《Laojun Swipe》
"Tao also changes in form, who can know the real". Laojun whisk work is unpredictable, simple and profound, with the use of the whisk, the whisk will seem to become a spiritual thing, there are millions of soft silk will have millions of changes.
《Yin-Yang Invert》
The wrong inverted yin and yang whisk is incomparably special: "see it like a green silk, the body is like a sharp sword; see it like an iron ruler, the body is like a spiritual snake", it cannot be predicted by common sense, it is a strange whisk technique that reverses the shape of rigid and soft, the power of the wrong yin and yang.
《The Ultra One Swipe》
Taiyi Yun Fu Kung Fu is elegant and natural, continuous, like the flowing water of the mountain, like the moving air of the heavenly horse, subtle and mysterious, infinite changes, the moves are not constrained to the form, can turn nothing into something, to control the enemy through the air.
《Heavy Swipe》
The dust sweeping work is heavy and rigid, in contrast to the lightness and softness of the dust, every move has the momentum of "mountain rain is coming to fill the building", the force is as deep as abyssal water, immovable as a mountain, the force reaches a thousand pounds, and the power is huge.
《Formless Swipe》
"Xuan, the Tao, but the Tao body is invisible, so it is called empty". XuanKong ShenFu XuanQi profound, from the road and born, no teacher no ancestor, no beginning and no end, the moves can be self-generated biochemical, so there are infinite use of infinity.
《Snaking Whip》
Yellow scale whip method is flexible, crisp and sharp, contains the "positive, negative, flat, oblique" the essence of all the five whip techniques, collection and release coiled like a long snake with golden rings, so the name "yellow scale".
《Centipede-Like Whip》
Because of its fast and dense moves, and its ability to manipulate the whip tip with internal force to attack the enemy from an extremely tricky angle, it is named "Centipede", which means that it is like a centipede's drill crawling, and has no holes.
《5 Divine Whip》
"Spider, snake, scorpion, toad and centipede" is the "Five Saints" of the Five Immortals religion. The Five Saints whip method is created by imitating the different forms of five kinds of poisonous creatures, integrating the five characteristics in one, which can be described as both dynamic and static attack and defense, rigid and soft yin and yang.
《Bone-Breaking Whip》
Soul crushing whip harsh and swift, vicious and unusual, the force of the ruthless far better than ordinary swords, spears and halberds, as if the body is cut by the saw blade, sharp hooks of tearing, flesh without rupture, tendons and bones without breaking.
《Dreadlord's Metallic Whip》
Chi iron whip is a secret technique of the Miao people since ancient times, there is neither a pan turn dance flowers, nor whirling storage, but said hair will be sent, said up, can make a soft whip straight into the straight out, shaking sound like thunder, issued a huge force of a thousand pounds.
《Jade Breaking》
Broken jade rope fast and fast like the wind, is the ultimate in pan flower whip technique, the trick said: "flower catch flower, flower set flower, a change of movement, a change of a flower, such as a budding flower shape is still in, put as a flower blooms and is everywhere a flower".
《Spider Silk Whip》
The immortal spider capturing the python is light and soft, fast and dense without shadow, exquisite and incomparable, ingenious, like the immortal spider, which can take off into the air and capture the enemy with the strange technique of flying threads, which is the unique secret of the Five Immortals Church in Miaojiang.
《Dragon Whip》
"Baron, the big snake, Baron's big, can eat elephants, three years old, the bones of the party". Baron divine whip is incomparably strong, fierce and incomparable, with the power of dragon tiger cu, with the power to move mountains and swallow elephants.
《Sky Snake Whip》
The Heavenly Serpent Rope has been handed down from the ancient times, and its origin is untraceable, and it is the unparalleled secret of the Five Immortals of Miaojiang. It is a divine technique with infinite changes and illusions, and it seems to have arrived before it enters, and it seems to have returned before it retreats.
《Needle Control》
The art of imperial needles is the unique technique of the Hundred Flowers Valley, which can manipulate fine needles with internal force across the air, so that they are applied to the major points around the enemy's body without missing a drop of blood, although it is born from the medical art of acupuncture to save lives, but it can also kill without seeing a drop of blood.
《5 Elements Pinprick》
The five elements of the plum blossom needle is extremely fast and varied, with five different acupuncture points closed by "gold, wood, water, fire and earth", and the acupuncture points closed by these five needles need to be treated with the corresponding Shengke acupuncture method.
《Chilling Pinprick》
The cold ice stabbing method can be used to stab into the enemy's body acupuncture points with an unusually dense pure yin internal qi into ice needles, which are invisible and qualitative, and once they enter the body, they will cut off the acupuncture points and veins and attach to the tendons and bones, which cannot be rescued by ordinary techniques.
《Bianque Pinprick》
It is particularly difficult to learn, as the acupuncture points are all located in unknown and strange veins and points outside of the meridian that are rarely known. Although seven out of ten of this technique has been lost, it can still be considered ancient and exquisite.
《Vitality Losing Pinprick》
Broken Yuan long needle is very powerful, killing power is very strong, the acupuncture points are not closed, but open, in the person's body Qi pouring out, if not rescued in time, all life energy will be lost under this needle.
《Deadly Pinprick》
The so-called "needle dead not needle alive", meaning: "this needle method under the only dead, even if the person is not dead for a while, there is no possibility of life", is to kill without saving, there is no death without life of the absolute needle also.
《9-Needle Strike》
The Six Strings and Nine Needles Technique is a unique secret technique of Hundred Flowers Valley that uses six invisible internal qi to manipulate nine long needles at the same time. This technique is incomparable, change like a god, nine needles can be divided into, can also be combined to attack, as if to know the will of man, as if psychic.
《Meridian Breaking Pinprick》
It is a miraculous method that can destroy the enemy's whole body meridians in one stroke.
《12-String Needles》
The twelve-string needle function uses twelve invisible internal qi to manipulate countless long needles to pierce 72 major acupuncture points and 36 unnamed acupuncture points of the human body at the same time, which can be said to be unparalleled in the world, and is the best attainment of the Hundred Flowers Valley's acupuncture technique.
《Mechanic Swallow》
It can be combined in very few steps, and it can be dispersed into several short darts, which can be used to point at the enemy's hands, feet, neck and eyes.
《Mechanic Hook》
Although the structure of the wrong bone hook is simple and easy to assemble, but the moves are ruthless and cruel, after piercing the enemy's body, it can be unfolded into eight sides of the barb-like barbs, the skin of those who are hit open flesh, tendons through the wrong bone, suffering.
《Chain》
The five son chain buckle is designed to capture the enemy alive, it is made of many parts knotted into the shape of five locks connected, although the killing power is limited, but the design is precise, if not in a special order of disassembly is absolutely difficult to unlock.
《Dragon Claw》
Odd-shaped dragon claw rope not only has a special structure, the operation of clever, but also great power, amazing destructive force, can be coiled on the arm, lifting the hand that is sent, hit by the lion and tiger pounce, light bones broken, heavy lung hollow heart.
《Web》
The net is made up of more than one hundred thin ropes and thirty-six sets of machine springs, which are not only cleverly constructed, but also can be sent and received according to the change of the direction of the palace formation, so it can be said that "the weapon is strong and sharp, and the method is also exquisite".
《Mt.Tai Lock》
Tarzan lock is three feet six minutes long, composed of eighteen parts, can send a huge force, the power is very strong, such as Tarzan pressed on the top, lead iron in the body, no one will not wait for death, and captured.
《Mechanic Hawk》
"Gong Luzi cut bamboo and wood for magpie, into and fly, three days no less". Although the yellow dragon wood kite is not "three days no less" of the miraculous, but can fly can spin, swift and fierce, claw beak can send a hot fire, referred to no one is burned to char.
《The Impulse》
The skillful work of wooden people, hands and feet are complete, with hot blood lacquer heart, with real power through the top, can hold the sword, can throw stones, as if there is life, this is the skill of skillful work, ghosts set up by God, the name "Tianshu Xuanji" method also.
《Cloud And Stream》
Cloud and water lead to languid and natural, spontaneous, the tune between fast and slow, high and low, at first as the breeze, water waves do not rise, and gradually as vast as the sea of clouds, strong as the waves, raging irresistible.
《Home Forgetting》
Not to think of returning to the wind and moon, spilling, the song sometimes bubbling and fighting to run away, and sometimes leisurely shallow from the flow, fast and slow at will, free and easy, it is: "a drink to miss a thousand days of wine, drunk buried in the deserted mound not to think of returning".
《Phoenix Arrival》
"xiao shao jiucheng, phoenix come to the Yi". The phoenix comes to the yi tune high, clear and transparent, like the phoenix and the sound of the clanging clang, hear it to inspire the hearts of people, the dark haze is dispelled, its sound has leaped to Kyushu, Yang to the four seas of the ability.
《Imperial Concubine》
The Jade Princess caused when the piano and the music, flowers before the dance neon, fall when the same sound as the drums and drums, the alarm broke a thousand military division, sometimes lingering and meandering, only to daughter's mind, and sometimes thrilling, but about the moth to the flame, self-destruction of the demented mood long.
《Flowers Sigh》
Qiong Hua sighs euphoniously and feminine, singing and whispering, composing a song that is endless, citing the wind and moon of Yangzhou and singing it, picking new Qiong on the branch to make words for thee, whose feelings are also deep and whose meaning is also very cut.
《Burydeer Orchid》
"All is lost, and the past is a Nanke". It is the elegy played when the dead white deer is buried with orchids in Hundred Flowers Valley, which is like a dream, hard to distinguish reality from reality.
《The World Amused》
"Since heaven and earth opened, it has been a few thousand feet longer, raising a glass to the sky and smiling, the sky returned to the west. Heaven and earth smile pale and high, the yellow bell and the great lü, connoting the way of heaven and earth in it, cover the theory of prosperity and decay in it, said to know this song and know heaven, earth, life and death also.
《Emotions》
The so-called seven emotions: "joy, anger, worry, fear, love, hate and desire". The seven emotions are confusing, strange and changeable, and those who first hear this song will have a sense of loss and joy, and when the seven emotions are over, all the listeners will have mixed feelings and a hundred feelings together.
《Crystal Tune》
Qingping tune is a relic of the Tang dynasty, the song sound a hundred turns and a thousand turns, sad and depressed, the hearer's limbs are not the main, as if fall into the former world, even if the end of the song, but also can not extricate themselves, the more sentient people, the deeper into this song.
《Heart-Breaking》
There are three sections in the song, namely, fetal light, refreshing spirit and ghostly essence, and each section is divided into seven variations, namely, corpse dog, fuyao, bird yin, swallowing thief, non-poison, obscenity removal and stinking lung, whose sound is like a whimper, like a complaint, like a sob, with a curling after-tone.
《Yellow Bamboo》
The Yellow Bamboo song is low and inaccessible, and the song is about the longing and sorrow of the Queen Mother of the West, who is waiting for King Mu and not arriving.
《Xiang Lady Tears》
"Shun collapse, the two concubines cry, to snot waving bamboo, bamboo all spot". Xiang female weeping Cangwu mournful and sorrowful, lingering thoughts, hear this song, can not help but from the sad, finally broken heart, heart and soul.
《3 Nights of Joy》
Legend has it that the three xiao fan fairy song is "Yunxiao, Qiongxiao, Bixiao" three night maiden played together. This song is erotic and confused, wind and rhyme, hear this song, no one is not confused, the mind can not help themselves, from then on the player is driven, and become a walking corpse.
《Song of The Moon》
"Chang'e should regret stealing the elixir, the blue sea and the blue sky night heart". Wide cold song hazy and desolate, silent and clear, hear this song, as if in the wide cold, bleak into the liver and spleen, cold into the heart, finally numb, do not know where to go.
《Love Poem》
The song has only four words: "wait, people, xi, yi," but they are heartfelt words, honeyed words, and "it's useless to think about each other, but it's not bad to be depressed.
《Celestial Music of Goddess》
"The emperor made Su Nui drum fifty-stringed serenade, sorrow, the emperor forbade more than, so broke its serenade for twenty-five strings". The sound of the ancient goddess is a relic of the ancient world, starting as the heaven and earth sorrowful, and falling as if all thoughts have become ashes, its sound can not be described, can not be interpreted, so it is called "heavenly sound".
《Ancestor's Long Fist》
Although the stances are rough and shallow, they already contain the most important principles of boxing, which is why they are called "the mother of all boxing".
《Energizing Practice》
The Pei Rang trick in the internal force collection and development of the method of attraction and transformation of a different way, the gas does not exhale repeatedly refining, the so-called: "the broad view and about to take, thick accumulation and thin development", the more the use of power, the more consumption, the more apparently strong.
《Little Leap》
Although the practice is very simple, but the practice process is extremely long, not decades of cold and summer can not be practiced, so although the gong method is simple, few practitioners.
Recorded the martial art of《The Impulse》, it means Divine Grasp. \nIn addition to the original text of the obscure secret, many notes are written in the book, mostly is Adoptive Father's handwriting. 
