Start
Start of this Breakthrough.
End
End of this Breakthrough. \nAll progress will be lost if you cannot reach this cell.
Summary
No Description
Normal
No special effect.
Succession
Success chance of connecting all the cells around this cell is increased by 30%.
Flexibility
Success chance of this cell is increased by 30% for each successfully connected cell around this cell.
Perseverence
For each failed connection around this cell, the success chance of this cell is increased by 60%.
Foundation
The connection success chance of this cell is reduced by 100%. \n The connection success rate of all cells around this cell is increased by 60%.
Transition
The next 1 attempt to connect cell is guaranteed to be successful.
Inspiration
Connecting to this cell does not cost an attempt.
Refreshment
The connection success chance of this cell is reduced by 30%. \n Connecting to this cell increases your attempts by 1.
Reversal
The connection success chance of this cell is reduced by 60%. \n Connecting this cell increases your attempts by 2.
Steady
The connection success chance of this cell is increased by 60%. \n Connecting to this cell decreases your attempts by 1.
Hard Work
The connection success chance of this cell is increased by 100%. \n Connecting to this cell decreases your attempts by 2.
Clairty
Reveals some hidden cells.
Challenge
The success chance of this cell is reduced by 60%. \n If you succeed, can restore adjacent cells from failed to connected.
Simplify
The success chance of this cell is reduced by 30%. When you successfully connect to this cell, all "special" cells adjacent to this cell are converted to "basic" cells.
Support
When you connect to this cell, 1 unconnected adjected "special" cell will transfer its bonus to the "basic" cells around it.
Culmination
Connecting to this cell gives you 3 additional attempts. \n Randomly change 1 unconnected "special" cell to "basic". 
Humility
Increase the connection success chance for this cell and all adjacent cell, the less tries you have remaining.
Ambition
Increase the connection success chance for this cell and all adjacent cell, the more tries you have remaining.
Advice
Connecting to this cell costs one additional attempt. \n When connecting to this cell, automatically connect 1 "golden" cell.
Complete
You are already familiar with the main points of this frame. \n this frame is bound to be connected successfully.
Mistake
Have suffered setbacks in this frame. \nThe success rate of the connection in this frame is increased by 100%, but the connection to this frame will lose a certain amount of health regardless of success or failure.
