Zen\nMeditation
Increases the power limit of "Shaolin" techniques by 30%
Arhat\nMeditation
Increases the power of user's "Metal" techniques by 10%
Spiritual Unity\nCultivation
When the user's internal element is "Metal", direct damage and backlash damage dealt to the user by the "Wood" techniques will be reduced.
Formless Zen
Greatly increases "Willpower" limit. Focus given by "Willpower" will be greatly increased based on user's purity.
Bodhi\nMeditation
Ignore Critical Hits
Converts user's "Water" internal element into "Metal" internal element. The higher the conversion ratio, the more the power of user's "Metal" techniques will be increased; If user's "Water" internal element is at 0%, user will not receive critical hits from "Water" or "Metal" techniques
Za-A-Han\nScripture
Range Up
User's "Hunyuan" techniques will also be considered to be "Metal" techniques; When using "Metal" Break techniques, user can click to randomly consume from 5 to 15 points of "Aegis" True Qi to increase the attack range of any "Metal" Break technique.
Divine Scripture/nOf Arhat
The higher the user's "Buddhism" attainment, the more Injury markers the user can remove by using "Healing" in battle.
Tendon\nRenewal Sutra
Increases Body Protector True Qi
At the start of the battle, the user's "Aegis" True Qi will be increased significantly (by 60); The amount of "Aegis" True Qi gained by the user during the battle will be increased greatly; The amount of "Aegis" True Qi lost by the user during the battle will be reduced greatly
Sutra of Marrow\nRejuvenation
Fatal Wnd. Decrease
Greatly increases the upper limit of all major attributes of the user (by 20). Direct External Fatal Wound damage taken by user will be reduced by 50%; If the user is a virgin male, the power of all of the user's techniques will be increased, and user will always have a youthful appearance.
Abdominal\nBreathing
Increases the power limit of "Emei Sect" techniques by 30%
Emei Pillar\nHolding
The higher the user's "Wood" internal element, the more the user's External and Internal Defense will be increased, by up to 20%. (Bonus = 0.2 * [elemental value])
Original Pure\nForce
User's "Wood" techniques will deal more direct damage and backlash damage to characters whose internal element is "Earth"
Spirituality\nComprehension
Increase Technique Power
Whenever the user obtains a usable style, there's a very low chance that the power of all of the user's techniques will increase until the end of the battle
Lotus\nMysterious
Converts user's "Fire" internal element into "Wood" internal element. The higher the conversion ratio, the more the power of user's "Wood" techniques will be increased; If user's "Fire" internal element is at 0%, user will not receive critical hits from "Fire" or "Wood" techniques
Puxian\nScripture
The higher the user's "Wood" internal element, the more the user's Diversion, Parry, Evasion, and Focus will be increased, by up to 20%. (Bonus = 0.2 * [elemental value])
Sitting-in-Oblivion
Increase the casting progress
Greatly increases the power of user's "Wood" techniques; While performing any "Wood" technique, user can click to consume a min. of 5 and a max. of 15 points of the user's "Quick" True Qi to increase the cast progress of the "Wood" technique by 50%, up to a maximum of 75%.
Great Nirvana
The higher the "Fame" of all the previous lives of the user, the more the power of all user's techniques will increase; If the user has a positive trait from the Wandering Monk aspiration, the effect of this technique will always be at its maximum.
Diagram of\nAcupunture Points
Increases the power limit of "Hundred Flowers Valley" techniques by 30%
Nine Needles and\nTwelve Source Points
Increase Healing Speed
Greatly increase user's "Healing" speed in battle
Full Chapter of\nJia-Yi
Reduces the maximum number of Sealed Acupoints on user's body parts
Spiritual Pivot
Increase Healing Effect
Greatly increases the number of Injuries user's "Healing" will remove in battle
Meridian\nEnhancement
Resolve Up
Whenever the user removes Injuries using "Healing" in battle, the user will receive a buff that increases user's Diversion, Parry, Evasion, and Focus. The more Injuries get removed, the stronger the buff will be
Ultra Harmony\nof Wudang
Increases the power limit of "Wudang Sect" techniques by 30%
Vitality\nRetaining
Increases the power of user's "Fire" techniques by 10%
Horizontal Feet
Stance Up
When the user only consumes Inhale, an equal amount of Stance will be restored.
Celestial Pillar\nHolding
Converts user's "Wood" internal element into "Fire" internal element. The higher the conversion ratio, the more the power of user's "Fire" techniques will be increased; If user's "Wood" internal element is at 0%, user will not receive critical hits from "Wood" or "Fire" techniques
Golden Scripture\nof Marrow-Regen
The higher the user's "Fire" internal element, the more the user's Diversion, Parry, Evasion, and Focus will be increased, by up to 20%. (Bonus = 0.2 * [elemental value])
Wudang\nMixed Element
Ext Taken Dn
If the enemy's attack includes both External and Internal damage, the External damage user receives will be reduced by 60%
Divine One
The higher the user's "Taoism" attainment, the more Injury markers the user can remove by using "Healing" in battle
Boundless\nPure Yang
When the user's internal element is "Fire", user's techniques will be more resistant to being "Sealed" or "Interrupted"; When user gets attacked by a "Fire", "Metal", or "Wood" technique, the Fatal Wound damage taken will be reduced by 80%
Fresh Breath
Increases the power limit of "Yuanshan Sect" techniques by 30%
Lighter\nYuanshan Force
The higher the user's "Earth" internal element, the more the user's External and Internal Defense will be increased, by up to 20%. (Bonus = 0.2 * [elemental value])
Greater\nYuanshan Force
User's "Earth" techniques will deal more direct damage and backlash damage to characters whose internal element is "Water"
Silence Methods
Converts user's "Metal" internal element into "Earth" internal element. The higher the conversion ratio, the more the power of user's "Earth" techniques will be increased; If user's "Metal" internal element is at 0%, user will not receive critical hits from "Metal" or "Earth" techniques
Inscrutable\nRound
User's "Hunyuan" techniques will also be considered to be "Earth" techniques; When using "Earth" Break techniques, user can click to randomly consume from 5 to 15 points of "Nadis" True Qi to increase the attack range of any "Earth" Break technique.
Stable Breath
Increases the power limit of "Lion-Face Clan" techniques by 30%
13 Taibaos'\nIron Surface
Dmg Taken Dn
If the user receives consecutive attacks from the same enemy technique in this battle, each time it will cumulatively reduce the damage taken by the user, up to a maximum of 3 times
Tripod Stance\nof Golden Body
Reduces the maximum number of Weak Points on user's body parts
Bright Lion\nPower
Greatly increases "Strength" limit. Diversion given by "Strength" will be greatly increased based on user's purity.
Develop\nAmbition
Increases the power limit of "Ranshan Sect" techniques by 30%
Whirling Circle
When the user's standpoint is "Even", power of all of their techniques will be increased by 10%; When the user and the enemy don't have opposing standpoints, the power of all the user's techniques will be increased
True Will\nCultivation
When the user's internal element is "Wood", direct damage and backlash damage dealt to the user by the "Earth" techniques will be reduced.
Focus Thought
Greatly increases "Comprehension" limit. Parry given by "Comprehension" will be greatly increased based on user's purity.
Activate Energy
The power of all the user's techniques will continuously increase every month, stacking up to 5 times. After every battle, this increased power will be greatly reduced.
Efficiency Gains
User's "Hunyuan" techniques will also be considered to be "Wood" techniques; When using "Wood" Break techniques, user can click to randomly consume from 5 to 15 points of "Nadis" True Qi to increase the attack range of any "Wood" Break technique.
Diffuse\nMomentum
When the user's internal element is "Wood", user's techniques will be more resistant to being "Sealed" or "Interrupted"; When user gets attacked by an "Wood", "Earth", or "Water" technique, the Fatal Wound damage taken will be reduced by 80%
Ingenious\nMysterious
Increases Nadis
At the start of the battle, the user's "Nadis" True Qi will be increased significantly (by 60); The amount of "Nadis" True Qi gained by the user during the battle will be increased greatly; The amount of "Nadis" True Qi lost by the user during the battle will be reduced greatly
Xuannyu\nMeditation
Increases the power limit of "Xuannyu Sect" techniques by 30%
Jade Bone\nCultivation
The higher the user's "Water" internal element, the more the user's External and Internal Defense will be increased, by up to 20%. (Bonus = 0.2 * [elemental value])
Moon Drive\nCultivation
User's "Water" techniques will deal more direct damage and backlash damage to characters whose internal element is "Fire"
Jade Mirror\nof Yin
Greatly increases "Vitality" limit. Internal Defense given by "Vitality" will be greatly increased based on user's purity.
Xihua\nScripture
The higher the user's "Water" internal element, the more the user's Diversion, Parry, Evasion, and Focus will be increased, by up to 20%. (Bonus = 0.2 * [elemental value])
Holy Princess
Converts user's "Wood" element into "Water" element. The higher the conversion ratio, the more the power of user's "Water" techniques will be increased; If user's "Wood" internal element is at 0%, user will not receive critical hits from "Wood" or "Water" techniques
Nimbus Shower
Greatly increases the power of user's "Water" techniques; While performing any "Water" technique, user can click to consume a min. of 5 and a max. of 15 points of the user's "Quick" True Qi to increase the cast progress of the "Water" technique by 50%, up to a maximum of 75%.
Supreme\nGoddess Cultivation
Increase Quick True Qi
At the start of the battle, the user's "Quick" True Qi will be increased significantly (by 60); The amount of "Quick" True Qi gained by the user during the battle will be increased greatly; The amount of "Quick" True Qi lost by the user during the battle will be reduced greatly
Moon Jade
Greatly increases the upper limit of all major attributes of the user (by 20). Direct Internal Fatal Wound damage taken by user will be reduced by 50%; If the user is a virgin female, the power of all of the user's techniques will be increased, and user will always have a youthful appearance.
Chap. Forge
Increases the power limit of "Sword Manor" techniques by 30%
Chap. Weave
Increases the maximum performance of the "protective equipment" equipped by the user
Chap. 5 Metals
When the user's internal element is "Fire", direct damage and backlash damage dealt to the user by the "Metal" techniques will be reduced.
Chap. Refining
The more times the user's current "Weapon" is Refined, the less damage enemy will deal to the user
Chap. Sacrifice
Increases the upper limit of the "weapon" equipped by the user
Summary of\nChihuang
Increases the power limit of "Kongsang Sect" techniques by 30%
Shennong\nMateria Medica
Increase the speed of "Detoxing"
Improve the effect of "Detoxing"
Increases the speed of the user's "Healing" and "Detoxing" in battle; Increases the number of Injuries and the amount of Poison the user can remove by using "Healing" and "Detoxing" in battle
Medical\nTreatment
The higher the sum of tiers of the 5 highest-tiered currently consumed medicines of the user, the less damage the enemy will deal to the user.
4 Methods of\nHibernation
Greatly increases "Constitution" limit. External Defense given by "Constitution" will be greatly increased based on user's purity.
9 Tripots\nCultivation
The longer the remaining lifespan of the user (in years), the more the power of the user's techniques will increase, by up to 40%.
Vajra-Hearted\nBuddha Meditation
Increases the power limit of "Vajrayana" techniques by 30%
Internal Fire\nYoga
The higher the user's "Metal" internal element, the more the user's External and Internal Defense will be increased, by up to 20%. (Bonus = 0.2 * [elemental value])
Trinity\nof Buddha
User's "Metal" techniques will deal more direct damage and backlash damage to characters whose internal element is "Wood"
Aquarius\nMeditation
The more types of True Qi the user has that exceed their initial value in combat, the more the power of all the user's techniques will increase, by up to 20% (5% per type of True Qi).
Vajra-Inherited\nMeditation
The higher the user's "Metal" internal element, the more the user's Diversion, Parry, Evasion, and Focus will be increased, by up to 20%. (Bonus = 0.2 * [elemental value])
The Great Sun\nScripture
Converts user's "Earth" element into "Metal" element. The higher the conversion ratio, the more the power of user's "Metal" techniques will be increased; If user's "Earth" internal element is at 0%, user will not receive critical hits from "Earth" or "Metal" techniques
The Great Vajra\nScripture
Greatly increases the power of user's "Metal" techniques; While performing any "Metal" technique, user can click to consume a min. of 5 and a max. of 15 points of the user's "Aegis" True Qi to increase the cast progress of the "Metal" technique by 50%, up to a maximum of 75%.
Mahakala\nGuardian's Cultivation
Avoiding Weak Points
If the total number of user's defeat markers exceeds half of the defeat condition, the amount of True Qi gained by the user will be greatly increased, and the user won't receive Weak Points.
Tantric Atiyoga
When the user's internal element is "Metal", user's techniques will be more resistant to being "Sealed" or "Interrupted"; When user gets attacked by a "Metal", "Wood", or "Earth" technique, the Fatal Wound damage taken will be reduced by 80%
Poisoning\nMethod
Increases the power limit of "Five Immortals Cult" techniques by 30%
Yellow\nImmortals Cultivation
Significantly increases the speed of the user's "Detoxing" in battle
Red Immortals\nCultivation
Increases the power of user's "Wood" techniques by 10%
Black\nImmortals Cultivation
Significantly increases the amount of toxins that can be dispelled when the user performs "Detoxing" in battle
Azure\nImmortals Cultivation
Converts user's "Water" element into "Wood" element. The higher the conversion ratio, the more the power of user's "Wood" techniques will be increased; If user's "Water" internal element is at 0%, user will not receive critical hits from "Water" or "Wood" techniques
Soul Out\nMeditation
When the user removes toxins with "Detox" in battle, the user will be given a buff which enhances the user's Diversion, Parry, Evasion, and Focus. The more toxins removed, the stronger the effect.
The Great Evil\nBody
The more negative "red traits" the user has, the more the power of all the user's techniques will be increased.
Jieqing 4\nImages
Increases the power limit of "Jieqing Gate" techniques by 30%
Heaven\nMeditation
Increases the power of user's "Water" techniques by 10%
12 Scrolls\nof Eastwall
When the user's internal element is "Water", direct damage and backlash damage dealt to the user by the "Fire" techniques will be reduced.
Step Sky
Greatly increases "Agility" limit
Mysterious\nScripture
Converts user's "Metal" internal element into "Water" internal element. The higher the conversion ratio, the more the power of user's "Water" techniques will be increased
Posthumous Ginseng
Changes the effect of all "Water" techniques of the user other than "Inner Art" techniques from "Heterodox" to "Orthodox"
Galaxy Map
When the user's internal element is "Water", user's techniques will be more resistant to being "Sealed" or "Interrupted"
Fire Paint\nTattoo
Increases the power limit of "Fulong Altar" techniques by 30%
Fulong\nFire-Engulf
The higher the user's "Fire" internal element, the more the user's External and Internal Defense will be increased, by up to 20%. (Bonus = 0.2 * [elemental value])
Pure Qi of Fire
User's "Fire" techniques will deal more direct damage and backlash damage to characters whose internal element is "Metal"
Divine Jade\nYang
Eliminate your mark
Whenever user's Break technique causes a critical hit, 1 Weak Point, 1 Sealed Acupoint, and 1 Daze marker on the user get removed
Dragon Engulf\nElephant
Converts user's "Earth" internal element into "Fire" internal element. The higher the conversion ratio, the more the power of user's "Fire" techniques will be increased; If user's "Earth" internal element is at 0%, user will not receive critical hits from "Earth" or "Fire" techniques
9 Dragons\nIn One
User's "Hunyuan" techniques will also be considered to be "Fire" techniques; When using "Fire" Break techniques, user can click to randomly consume from 5 to 15 points of "Break" True Qi to increase the attack range of any "Fire" Break technique.
Demonization
The more Fatal Wound markers the user has, the less direct damage user will take from enemy attacks
The Great Jade\nYang
Greatly increases the power of user's "Fire" techniques; While performing any "Fire" technique, user can click to consume a min. of 5 and a max. of 15 points of the user's "Nadis" True Qi to increase the cast progress of the "Fire" technique by 50%, up to a maximum of 75%.
Hou Meditation
Increases the power limit of "Bloodhound Cult" techniques by 30%
4 Methods of\nDark Corpse
Increases the power of user's "Earth" techniques by 10%
Evil Ghost
When the user's internal element is "Earth", direct damage and backlash damage dealt to the user by the "Water" techniques will be reduced.
3 Poisons of\nDarkness Spell
The happier the "Mood" of the user, the more the power of all the techniques of the user will be increased, by up to 15%
Moon Shape
Converts user's "Fire" internal element into "Earth" internal element. The higher the conversion ratio, the more the power of user's "Earth" techniques will be increased; If user's "Fire" internal element is at 0%, user will not receive critical hits from "Fire" or "Earth" techniques
The Great 5 Yin
The higher the user's "Earth" internal element, the more the user's Diversion, Parry, Evasion, and Focus will be increased, by up to 20%. (Bonus = 0.2 * [elemental value])
Children's\nBlood Sacrifice
Greatly increases the power of user's "Earth" techniques; While performing any "Earth" technique, user can click to consume a min. of 5 and a max. of 15 points of the user's "Break" True Qi to increase the cast progress of the "Earth" technique by 50%, up to a maximum of 75%.
Evil Scripture\nof Blood Hou
When the user's internal element is "Earth", user's techniques will be more resistant to being "Sealed" or "Interrupted"; When user gets attacked by an "Earth", "Water", or "Fire" technique, the Fatal Wound damage taken will be reduced by 80%
The Great Blood\nChild
Increases the Break of true qi
At the start of the battle, the user's "Break" True Qi will be increased significantly (by 60); The amount of "Break" True Qi gained by the user during the battle will be increased greatly; The amount of "Break" True Qi lost by the user during the battle will be reduced greatly
Energizing\nPractice
All backlash damage to the user is significantly reduced
Lying Beside Tiger
When user's "Aegis" True Qi is higher than the enemy's "Aegis" True Qi, all direct damage dealt by the enemy will be reduced by 15%
18 Rollings
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully Counters an attack, the user will receive a buff that increases Diversion, Parry, and Evasion
Heavy Stance
Prevents repulsion
Attrition of the enemy's momentum
When defending with this technique, user won't be moved backwards for any reason; Enemies who try to make the user move backwards will lose a part of their Stance and Inhale
Iron Skin
Reduce Ext. Inj
When an uninjured body part of the user receives direct External Injuries from the enemy, the number of Injuries will be reduced by 1
Golden Bell\nCover
Remove Weak Point
When defending with this technique: All direct damage taken by the user will be reduced by 30%; Whenever the user Reflects an attack, 2 Weak Points will be removed from random body parts of the user
Small Arhat\nRod Formation
User's teammates will more frequently be able to perform "Defend" order to protect the user with an Aegis technique from enemy attacks.
Buddhism\nLion Roar
Remove Enemy Stamina
Whenever the user actively start to perform a "Break" technique, if the enemy is within the user's Attack Range, enemy's Footwork and Stamina will be completely removed
Hunyuan\nBreathing
Changing Int. Def. to Ext. Def.
Avoid direct internal injuries
Avoiding Sealed Acupoints
When defending with this technique, half of the user's Internal Defense temporarily shifts to External Defense. As long as the attacked body part of the user doesn't have Sealed Acupoints, the user will be immune to any Internal Injuries or Sealed Acupoints caused by the enemy.
Vajra Defence
Changing the Ext. Def. to Int. Def.
Protection from external injury
When defending with this technique, half of the user's External Defense temporarily shifts to Internal Defense. As long as the attacked body part of the user doesn't have Weak Points, the user will be immune to any External Injuries or Weak Points caused by the enemy.
Emei Tiger Step
When user's "Quick" True Qi is higher than the enemy's "Quick" True Qi, all direct damage dealt by the enemy will be reduced by 15%
Unintentional Mind
Get Extra Style
Whenever the user obtains usable styles, there's a chance that the user will obtain 1 more of that style
Multifarious
If the user possesses 3 or more different types of usable styles, user's Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath will increase
Boneless Stance
When defending with this technique, whenever the user Resolves an attack using Evasion, the user gains 2 random usable styles
Quiet Return In One
E·Stance Dn
Whenever the user Resolves a non-follow-up attack, enemy's Stance will be reduced and the user will gain 1 random usable style
4 Images of Lotus Formation
User's teammates will more frequently be able to perform "Heal" and "Detox" orders to Heal and Detox user.
Immortal Yang's Golden Body
When defending with this technique, the more usable styles the user possesses, the less direct damage the enemy will be able to deal to the user
Seven-Star Cross Chain
Stance Cost Dn
If the user possesses 7 or more usable styles, all "Break" techniques actively performed by the user will only consume 50% of Stance, and will have an increased cast progress. The more Stance doesn't get consumed, the more the cast progress of "Break" techniques will increase
Holy Light Inspiration
When defending with this technique: Whenever the user successfully Counters an attack, the user gains 3 random usable styles and removes 2 Injury markers
Thirty-Six Needle\nHolding Art
Improve Style Change Accuracy
Increases the critical chance, Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath of user's "Style Change" attacks
Net Clothes
Poison Recieved Dn
Reduces the amount of Poison the enemy inflicts on the user in battle
Herb Moxibustion
Heal Your Own Injuries
Whenever the user hits an enemy with a Style Change attack, there's a chance that Injury markers on 1 random body part of the user will be reduced by 1
Mixed Needle
Remove Additional Sealed Acupoints
Whenever the user removes a Sealed Acupoint from themselves, 1 additional Sealed Acupoint will be removed from another random body part of the user
Yinyang Reverse
Debuff to Buff
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully Counters an attack, 1 debuff on the user will change into a buff
Twelve Meridians\nShift
Remove Sealed Acupoints
Increase Unsealing Speed
When defending with this technique, Sealed Acupoints on the user will be unsealed faster. Whenever the enemy inflicts a Sealed Acupoint on the user, it will instead remove a Sealed Acupoint on the user
Eight Gates of\nLife and Death
Whenever the user receives an Injury marker from the enemy, the Injury markers on 1 other random body part of the user with fewer Injury markers will be reduced by 2
Blood Sea\nFreezing Art
Toxins received by countershock
Change your own toxins
When defending with this technique: Acritoxin, Pyrotoxin, and Necrotoxin on the user won't activate; User can Reflect Acritoxin, Pyrotoxin, and Necrotoxin; At the end of defending with this technique, based on how much Acritoxin, Pyrotoxin, and Necrotoxin the user received during this technique, the user will receive a buff that increases External Defense, and remove all the Acritoxin, Pyrotoxin, and Necrotoxin received during this technique
Flawless Jade Art
Direct damage invalid
When defending with this technique, if the number of direct Injury markers dealt by the enemy to the user isn't lower than the current number of Injury markers on the user's attacked body part, the damage will be ignored
Wudang's\nIron Shirt
Equal share of Ext. and Int. Def.
When defending with this technique: All direct damage received by the user is reduced by 15%; The user resists enemy attacks with the average value of the user's External and Internal Defense
Three Talents\nSword Formation
User's teammates will more frequently be able to perform "Mend" and "Release" orders to remove Weak Points and Sealed Acupoints from the user.
Cloud Bed
Steady pace of improvement
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully Counters a weapon attack, a buff that increases Ext. Recovery. will be applied to the user
Yinyang Recycle
New Qi Disorder Reduce
Change Enemy Int. Ratio
If the enemy's Qi Disorder is higher than the user's, Internal Ratio of all enemy techniques will increase according to the Internal Ratio of this technique; Whenever user's "Break" techniques reach 100% completion, user's newly inflicted Qi Disorder will be reduced
5 Qi In One
Recover Force
When defending with this technique, user's True Qi lost in battle will rapidly recover until it reaches the initial value
True Art Demon Slaying
User's teammates will more frequently be able to perform "True Qi" order to transmit their True Qi to the user.
Endless Power
When defending with this technique: As long as the enemy attack isn't a critical hit, even if the user fails to Resolve enemy's weapon attack, user will still be able to Counter; Whenever the user successfully Resolves and Counters enemy's weapon attack, enemy's Stance gets fully depleted, and the more Stance gets depleted, the more the damage of user's Counter will increase.
3 Flower On Top
If all True Qi of the user isn't lower than its initial value, the power of this technique will continuously increase, up to 2 times higher than the original power of this technique. If not, the power of this technique will be halved and its power won't increase; When power of this technique isn't lower than 100%, the power of all techniques performed by the user will be increased by a portion of this technique's power.
9 Rollings
Restoring your own Stamina
When defending with this technique, every time the user successfully counters an enemy's weapon attack, the user's Footwork and Stamina will be restored.
Sword Or Blade
Increase the power limit
When the user performs a "Sword Technique" using a "Blade" weapon, the power limit of the "Sword Technique" will increase; When the user performs a "Blade Technique" using a "Sword" weapon, the power limit of the "Blade Technique" will increase
Yuanshan Killing\nFormation
User's teammates will more frequently be able to perform "Attack" order to attack the enemy with a weapon.
Golden Blade Fist
Reduce Enemy Attack Tokens
Eliminate Enemy's Deflect
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully Counters an enemy attack, enemy's "attack tokens" get reduced, and if the enemy's "attack tokens" were already empty before this reduction occurs, enemy's Deflect will be immediately broken
Sakyamuni\nElephant Toss
Gain "attack token"
Jump Attack
Whenever the user switches weapons, the heavier the weapon, the higher the user's chance to get 1 attack token, and to increase damage and preparation time of the next weapon attack
Profound\nDivination Law
The more "Hack" styles the user has, the more the user's Might will increase; The more "Stab" styles the user has, the more the user's Swiftness will increase; The more "Slash" styles the user has, the more the user's Finesse will increase
Ultra Alpha Reflection
Gain extra true qi
Avoid losing true qi
When defending with this technique: the user will not lose true qi; if the user can gain true qi and is about to lose it, the user's true qi will instead be increased by twice of what should've been lost.
Iron Head of\nLion Face
When defending with this technique, any attack by the enemy to the Head of the user that wouldn't cause more than 3 External injuries is ignored
Comrade Service
Whenever the enemy inflicts an injury or a Fatal Wound on the user with direct damage, the user's Stamina will be restored
Lose Rigidity to\nGain Flexibility
Int Taken Dn
When defending with this technique, if the enemy's attack includes both External and Internal damage, and the proportion of Internal damage is higher than External damage, the user takes 40% less direct Internal damage, and 20% more direct External damage.
Overlord's\nTripod Lifting
Increase Direct Dmg
The heavier the weight of the weapon, the more direct damage the user can inflict on the enemy.
Lion Roar
When the battle starts and the total number of defeat marks of the user exceeds half of the defeat condition, all the enemy's Footwork and Stamina are eliminated
Overlord's Armor Absorb
E·Force Dn
When defending with this technique, whenever an enemy inflicts an injury or a Fatal Wound with direct damage on the user, both the enemy's and the user's "Aegis" True Qi will be lowered according to the number of injuries inflicted by the enemy, and the user's lost "Aegis" True Qi will be changed into "Break" True Qi
5 Ghosts Handling
Exchange of Int. Pen. for Ext. Def.
When defending with this technique, if the user's External Defense is lower than the enemy's Internal Penetration, the user's External Defense and Internal Penetration will be temporarily exchanged with the enemy's.
Vision Enhanced
When the distance between the user and the enemy is higher than 3, the farther the user is from the enemy, the more the user's Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath will increase
Yinyang Eye
E·Cast Spd Dn
Whenever the user starts to perform a technique, the higher the user's Cast Speed is compared to the enemy's Cast Speed, the more the enemy's Cast Speed will be reduced
Great Art of\nSoul Absorption
Interrupt E·Style
Sequestration of enemy techniques
When defending with this technique: If the user gains a "None" style, the enemy will also gain 1 "None" style, and if the user's Breath is higher than the enemy's Focus, a random technique of the enemy will become Sealed for a very long period of time. In a battle, each skill can be Sealed by the Great Art of Soul Absorption only 1 time
6 Men 6 Armors\nFormation
User's teammates will more frequently be able to perform "Swap" and "Restrain" orders to swap into combat or prevent enemy's teammates from using orders for a short period of time.
Big Dipper\nIncantation
When defending with this technique, the direct damage dealt by the enemy to the user with Heterodox techniques will be greatly reduced
Elephant Imitation
Transfer Your Damage
When defending with this technique: All direct damage taken by the user is reduced by 45%; Whenever the user Reflects an enemy attack, 1 debuff is transferred from the user to the enemy
Myriad Changes\nRewind
Resolve E·atk
When defending with this technique, all weapon attacks of the enemy will be Resolved by the user unless it's a critical hit. If the user successfully Counters an enemy attack, the user will recover 1 point of True Qi that is below its initial value; At the end of this technique, it will always be "Sealed" for a long period of time
Pure Virgin
The higher the user's Charm, the more the user's Breath will increase.
Reclamation\nStance
When defending with this technique, whenever the user Resolves an attack using Evasion, the user adds 1 "None" style to the enemy
Dark Jade Practice
Greatly reduces the duration of Daze markers on the user
Scattered Flowers\nFormation
User's teammates will more frequently be able to perform "Push" and "Pull" orders to push you forward or pull you back 1 distance.
Immortal Beauty\nDress Art
Greatly increases the duration of user's "Quick" techniques
Mirrored Flowers\nReflected Moon
Directly defuse the attack
When defending with this technique, the more "None" styles the enemy has, the higher the chance that the user will directly Resolve enemy attacks
Nuwa's\nHeaven-Mending
When defending with this technique: If the total number of defeat markers sustained by the user reaches the defeat condition, the user will not be defeated; If at the end of this technique the total number of defeat markers sustained by the user reaches the defeat condition, user's External Injury markers will return to the number the user had at the start of this technique
Skillful Hands
When the user is equipped with 3 different types of weapons, the user's casting speed increases
Wooden Armor
Increase the toughness of armor
When defending with this technique: all direct damage taken by the user is reduced by 15%; If enemy weapon's grade isn't higher than the user's armor's grade, the Hardness of user's armor will be greatly increased.
14 Methods of Real Steel
Significantly increase the Hardness and DES of the user's weapon
Mechanical Formation
User's teammates will more frequently be able to perform "Guide" and "Warn" orders to increase user's Accuracy and Resolve stats for a short period of time.
Heavenly Armor
When defending with this technique, If enemy weapon's grade isn't higher than the user's armor's grade, all External damage caused by the enemy to the user will be reduced by 60%
Exquisite 9
Treasure Transformation True Qi
When defending with this technique, whenever the user defuses a non-chasing attack from the enemy, one undamaged treasure on the user's body will be randomly driven to consume 1 point of durability, and the user's true qi will be increased according to the grade of the treasure: metal treasures will increase "Break" true qi; jade treasures will increase "Aegis" true qi; wooden treasures will increase "Quick" true qi; and textile treasures will increase "Nadis" true qi.
Forge Mysterious Iron
Arms become divine weapons
When the total number of defeat marks of the user exceeds half of the defeat condition, the weapon currently used by the user will be temporarily changed to "Divine Armor": "Divine Armor" cannot be removed; "Divine Armor" cannot be damaged unless it is damaged by attacking "Divine Armor"; direct damage caused by attacking with "Divine Armor" cannot be reduced by any effect unless the enemy is protected by "Divine Armor"
4 Finger Azure Cream
When user's "Nadis" True Qi is higher than the enemy's "Nadis" True Qi, all direct damage dealt by the enemy will be reduced by 15%
3 Parts 9 Pulses
When the distance between the user and the enemy is less than 5, the closer the user is to the enemy, the more the user's Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath will increase.
Visceral Anatomy
Improving external injury
User's External damage to uninjured body parts of the enemy is increased by 45%
Anti-Poisoning
Protection from toxins
Exorcise your own toxins
When defending with this technique: User is immune to all direct poison; Poisons applied to user by the enemy will reduce corresponding Poisons on the user.
Meridian Benzoin
Gain Random Force
Whenever user inflicts an Injury, Poison, or Fatal Wound marker on the enemy with direct damage, user gains 5 points of a random True Qi
Blood Transfusion
Increase direct toxicity
Increases the amount of poison inflicted by the user on the enemy in combat
White Water\nLongevity Art
Gain Nadis Force
Reduce New Qi Disorder
Whenever Poison activates on the enemy, user gains "Nadis" True Qi equal to 2 times the number of Poison markers that activated, and reduces user's newly inflicted Qi Disorder
Young Dragon's\nBone Regrowth Art
Automatic healing of injuries
When defending with this technique: If the total number of defeat markers sustained by the user reaches the defeat condition, user will not be defeated; All External Injuries of the user will quickly heal by themselves over time; When this technique ends, it removes 6 Fatal Wounds from the user.
9-Colored\nJade Cicada Art
Consume Nadis True Qi
When the total number of defeat markers sustained by the user reaches the defeat condition, user will immediately consume 9 points of "Nadis" True Qi to randomly remove 9 Injury, Impairment, and Fatal Wound markers in total
Go With The Flow
Force Change·RNG
Eliminate useless storage type
Whenever the user inflicts an Injury or Fatal Wound marker on an enemy with direct damage, the user gains 5 points of a random True Qi, or loses 3 points of a random True Qi, as well as 1 unusable Style. If the user loses True Qi from this technique, the next time it works, the user will be guaranteed to gain True Qi from it.
Take The Pulse
Surrendering the enemy's Stance Recovery
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully Counters an attack, the enemy will receive a debuff that reduces Stance Recovery
Muscle and Bone\nDisplacement Art
Strengthening of extremity defense
When defending with this technique, the limbs of the user will not receive Weak Points, Sealed Acupoints, or critical hits, and enemy attacks targeting the limbs of the user will be more easily Resolved.
7 Wheel Induction
Enhancement of your own gain
When the user receives a buff, its initial strength will be doubled, and an additional buff that slowly increases random types of True Qi will be applied; Whenever user's buff becomes stronger, the additional buff also becomes stronger.
Mandala Mantra
Gain Specific Force
When defending with this technique: All direct damage taken by the user is reduced by 30%; Whenever the user Reflects an enemy attack, for every 1 Injury marker inflicted to the enemy by the Reflect, the user will gain 5 points of "Aegis" True Qi.
Vidya-Raja Fire
Application of large amounts of toxins
When defending with this technique, whenever the user blocks enemy's attack with Diversion, the user applies a large amount of "Level 2" Acritoxin to the enemy.
The Great Handprint
Steal Random True Qi
As long as the user has more True Qi in total than the enemy does, the enemy cannot have more than 4 usable Styles; If the enemy already had more than 4 usable Styles, all usable Styles above 4 will be eliminated, and the enemy will gain 5 points of a random True Qi for each Style eliminated this way.
Buddha Body
True qi offset marker
When defending with this technique: As long as the user isn't attacked by a critical hit, the user will be immune to Fatal Wound damage; For every 3 points of "Aegis" True Qi the user can remove 1 Injury marker from themselves, but the Internal Breath of the user will be increased as a result.
Lost Worm Incense
Obtain Gu Charge
Increase Poison Production
The user continuously obtains Gu Charges in battle. The higher the user's Toxicology skill, the faster the Gu Charges will be obtained, up to a maximum of 90 Gu Charges; The more Gu Charges the user has, the more poison will be produced by poison activations on the enemy.
Disgusting Miasma
Increases internal rest disorders
When defending with this technique, if the total sum of the user's Breath and Focus isn't lower than the total sum of the enemy's Breath and Focus, and the distance between the user and the enemy isn't greater than 7, the enemy's Qi Disorder will continuously increase.
Ruby 9 Worms
The more poison marks on the enemy, the more direct damage the user deals to the enemy
Insanity Spell
Freedom from the seeds of the parasite
Transfer Your Gu
When defending with this technique: the user will not be implanted with a Gu by the enemy; Whenever the user successfully Counters an enemy's weapon attack, a random Gu that has just been implanted to the user will be implanted to the enemy, changing into an untamed Gu. If the enemy cannot be implanted or has already been implanted with that premature Gu, the Gu will die.
Blood Dolls
E·ExtPen DN
Transfer of injuries sustained
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully Counters an attack, the enemy receives a special "Blood Dolls" debuff, which reduces enemy's External Penetration and causes the next External Injury the user receives to be received by the enemy instead
Ghost Breath
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully counters an enemy's weapon attack, the user applies a large amount of "Level 2" Necrotoxin to the enemy.
Silkworm Insanity
For each type of Gu applied to the enemy, the enemy's True Qi of a random type will be continuously reduced by 1 point
Ghost Included
Cause Weak Point
When defending with this technique, All direct damage taken by the user other than critical hits is reduced by 60%; Whenever the user Resolves an enemy attack that isn't a follow-up attack, for every 2 "None" styles the enemy has, 1 serious Weak Point will appear on a random body part of the enemy. If the enemy doesn't have any "None" styles, the user applies 2 "None" styles to the enemy.
Sky Snake Bone Exchange
Invalidated by severe trauma
The user's External Injuries will disappear over time; the user will not receive Fatal Wounds unless the attacked body part already has 4 External Injuries.
Sky Bridge
Remove All Sealed Acupoints
Whenever the user has a total of 7 or more Sealed Acupoints on their body, all Sealed Acupoints will be removed, and no effects from removing the Sealed Acupoints will trigger
River God's\nMarriage
Steal Usable Style
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully Counters an attack, 1 usable style of the enemy will be transferred to the user
6 Turn of Royal
Drain E·Force
When defending with this technique, whenever the user Resolves an attack using Evasion, the user steals 1 point of "Aegis" True Qi from the enemy
8 Veins of\nCold Ice
When defending with this technique, the direct Internal damage dealt by the enemy to the user will be reduced by 45%
Big Dipper\nStar Formation
User's teammates will more frequently be able to perform "Haste" order to increase the cast progress of user's techniques
9 Star Eye
The more "Throw" styles the user has, the more the user's Might increases; the more "Shot" styles the user has, the more the user's Swiftness increases; the more "Drive" styles the user has, the more the user's Finesse increases.
Seven Origins\nCalamity-Solving Art
Change to Old Injuries
When defending with this technique: The more body parts of the user are Broken, the less direct damage the user will receive; At the end of this technique, 3 random Injury markers on user's Broken body parts will change into Old Injuries that are more difficult to recover from
Anger Face
When user's "Break" True Qi is higher than the enemy's "Break" True Qi, all direct damage dealt by the enemy will be reduced by 15%
Dragon Looks Back
Gain Specific Force
When defending with this technique: all External Damage taken by the user is reduced by 30%; Whenever the user Reflects an enemy attack, the user gains 1 point of "Break" True Qi
Divine Fire Cover
When defending with this technique: all Internal Damage taken by the user is reduced by 30%; Whenever the user Reflects an enemy attack, the user gains 1 point of "Aegis" True Qi
Dragon Breakthrough
User's teammates will more frequently be able to perform "Break" order to attack the enemy with a "Break" technique.
Thunder Bone
When defending with this technique, the direct external damage caused by the enemy to the user is reduced by 45%
Medical Heart
The more "Punch" styles the user has, the more the user's Might will increase; The more "Point" styles the user has, the more the user's Swiftness will increase; The more "Hold" styles the user has, the more the user's Finesse will increase
Drunk A Thousand Year
The enemy's chance to cause follow-up attacks on the user is greatly reduced, and the enemy's chance of hitting the user is greatly reduced. If the user is drunk, these effects are doubled.
Cover Sky
Forcing companions off the field
Anti-vibration of the whole enemy
When you start performing this technique, it forces all enemy teammates that support the enemy to leave the field; When defending with this technique, enemy teammates cannot use any assisting orders. External Reflect damage dealt by the user will be shared by all enemy characters. The more teammates the enemy has, the higher the shared Reflect damage will be.
Mud Stunt
Descending the enemy to chase and External Penetration
When defending with this technique: all direct External Damage taken by the user is reduced by 30%; Ext. Pen. of enemy's "follow-up" attacks will be significantly reduced.
Chaos Qi
The more disturbed the user's internal breath is, the higher the external injury caused by the user to the enemy
Ghost Cry
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully counters an enemy's weapon attack, user's and enemy's Composure, Cleverness, Enthusiasm, Valour, and Fortitude are compared, and for each stat that is higher than the enemy's user has a chance of applying 1 "None" style to the enemy.
Blood Meal
Eliminate your own injuries
Whenever the user inflicts 1 direct External Injury on the enemy, randomly eliminate 1 External Injury from user's body part with less than 4 External Injuries.
The Great Spell of Soul Exchange
Transfer Ext Inj
Transfer New Qi Disorder
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully Counters an enemy attack, 2 External Injury markers and a portion of the user's newly inflicted Qi Disorder will be transferred to the enemy
Heart-Self Destroy Spell
Obtain a large amount of true qi
Whenever the total number of defeat marks of the user's teammate exceeds half of the defeat condition, user will receive a large amount of True Qi depending on the amount of each True Qi of the teammate.
12 Blood Child Formation
The user's teammates will only be able to use the 「Sacrifice」command in battle, which let's them share a lot of External Injuries and Fatal Wounds of the user in battle.
Sky Demon
Worsening enemy external injury
When defending with this technique: all direct External Damage taken by the user is reduced by 60%; whenever the user Reflects an enemy attack, the user applies a large amount of "Level 2" Pyrotoxin to the enemy, and at the same time worsens the External Injuries on all body parts of the enemy
Undead Body of Blood Child
Increase Old Qi Disorder
Exchange Damage
When the total number of defeat markers sustained by the user reaches the defeat condition, if the user's Inner Breath hasn't reached "Shattered", the user's Old Qi Disorder will start to increase continuously until it reaches "Shattered". Until then, the user cannot be defeated, the direct External damage dealt by the user, and direct Internal damage received by the user will be increased by 40%, and Stance required to use techniques will be reduced by 50%
Lift-Up Jumping
Move Spd Up
During this Footwork, user's Movement Speed will be increased if the user uses an "Aegis" technique
Gecko's Crawling
Increase Aegis power
During this Footwork, the power of user's "Aegis" techniques will be increased, lasting until an "Aegis" technique is used
Lighten Body
Improve Stamina recovery
Inhale·Stance Up
When advancing with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 1 distance at once. After jumping, the user will receive a buff that increases Stamina recovery speed, and Inhale and Stance Recovery
The Great Flip
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Polearm" weapon, user's Stamina will be restored.
9 Maps 6 Statues
Increase Aegis time
During this Footwork, the duration of user's "Aegis" techniques will be increased, but the power of user's "Aegis" techniques will be reduced, lasting until an "Aegis" technique is used
Crossing River on a Reed
Immune Spd Dn
During this Footwork: Enemy cannot remove user's Footwork or Stamina; Enemy cannot prevent the user from moving; User's Movement Speed will not be reduced for any reason
Shorten Distance
Use Swiftness to Resolve
During this Footwork, as long as the enemy doesn't have effects that change the way they Resolve attacks, all weapon attacks of the user will use the Swiftness accuracy value.
White Ape's Leap
Auto Attack
When advancing with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 1 distance at once. After jumping, the user will make a free weapon attack on the enemy that ignores Deflect
Unpredictable
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Dagger" weapon, user's Stamina will be restored.
Lotus Displacement
Exchange Styles
During this Footwork, whenever the user advances 1 distance, 3 unusable styles of the user will be exchanged for 3 styles usable by the user from the enemy
Shuttle's Swift
During this Footwork, if the user has less "attack tokens" than the enemy, user's Attack Speed will be greatly increased
Moonlight Shadow
Accuracy Up
During this Footwork: User's maximum number of "attack tokens" increases by 1; Whenever the user attacks while having a maximum number of "attack tokens", user's chance of hitting the enemy will be greatly increased
Golden Fairy
When advancing with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump, up to 4 distance at once. After jumping, the user will gain a buff that will increase user's Might, Finesse, and Swiftness; The farther the user advances, the stronger the buff will be
Needle Lift-Up
Mutual substitution of storage type
During this Footwork, if the weapon of the user is able to strike the style required to perform the technique or the special effect of the technique, the "Hold" style, "Slash" style and "Drive" style of the user can be used in place of each other
Shadow Surround
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Flute" weapon, user's Stamina will be restored.
Flying Needle
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Needle Box" weapon, user's Stamina will be restored.
Needle Driving
Gain Style Change Charge
When advancing with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 2 distance at once. After jumping, the user will gain 2 Style Change charges
Snow Step
Increase Sealed Acupoint Level
During this Footwork, the level of Sealed Acupoints inflicted by the user will be increased
Wick of Lamp
Worsen E·Injuries
During this Footwork, whenever the user attacks the enemyr, a separate Finesse check will happen, and if the enemy fails to Resolve it, a random Injury on the enemy's body will be worsened by 1. This Finesse check becomes progressively less accurate each time it activates within the duration of this technique.
Jade Step
When advancing with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 3 distance at once. After jumping, a random Injury on the user's body will be reduced by 2
Flower Listen Rain
Increase Breath Buffs
Fasten Daze Lodging
During this Footwork: User's Breath will not be reduced by any effect; The effect of all Breath-increasing technique effects and buffs received by the user will be greatly increased; The progress of Lodged Daze markers being applied to the enemy due to the non-lodged Daze markers disappearing is doubled
5 Steps of Plum Poling
During this Footwork, if the Accuracy stat of the user used to attack the enemy is lower than the enemy's Resolve stat, the user's chance of hitting the enemy is greatly increased.
8 Trigrams Step
During this Footwork, if the user performs an "Aegis" technique, the enemy's Stance Recovery will be reduced
Cloud Surround
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Whisk" weapon, user's Stamina will be restored.
Big Dipper Step\nof Heavenly Spirit
Gain Specific Force
Whenever the user moves 1 distance with this Footwork, the user gains "Quick" True Qi based on the amount of "Break" True Qi the user has. When this Footwork ends, the user loses all "Quick" True Qi gained from this effect. (Amount gained = 0.2 * [Break value])
The One Step
Increase Int Ratio Bonus
During this Footwork: User's Int. Ratio Bonus is greatly increased; The more evenly the Ext./Int. Ratio of the user's "Break" technique is split, the more the power of that technique will increase.
Ladder Climbing
During this Footwork, whenever the user advances 0.5 distance, the power of all of the user's "Break" techniques will increase, up to a maximum of 6 times. If the user retreats, all the accumulated power will disappear.
Cloud Gliding
When advancing with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 3 distance at once. After jumping, the user will gain 5 points of a random True Qi, and if that True Qi is still lower than its initial value, user will gain another 15 points of that True Qi.
Stone Poling
Improving Might of Kick
The Might of the Kick performed by the user with this Footwork is greatly increased
Tiger Stance
Improve Ext. Pen. of the Kick arts
The Ext. Pen. of the Kicks performed by the user with this Footwork is greatly increased
Step Alone a\nThousand Li
Whenever you advance 1 distance with this Footwork, it restores your Stamina.
Profound Bell\nStance
Can't Interrupt
During this Footwork: Enemy cannot remove user's Footwork or Stamina; User can perform Kick Techniques without consuming Footwork or Stamina; User's Kick Techniques cannot be Interrupted
Shake Mountain
Improve Stamina depletion
During this Footwork, it increases the loss of Footwork and Stamina caused by the user to the enemy.
Iron Bridge
E·WP Accuracy Dn
During this Footwork, when the distance between the user and the enemy is more than 5, the further the distance between the two, the lower the chance of the enemy hitting the user
Chain of River-Block
During this Footwork, every time the enemy advances 1 distance, user immediately makes a weapon attack that goes through Deflect without consumption.
Lion's Swift
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Hand Guard" weapon, user's Stamina will be restored.
Ghost Step
Use Finesse to Resolve
During this Footwork, as long as the enemy doesn't have effects that change the way they Resolve attacks, all weapon attacks of the user will use the Finesse accuracy value.
Driving Wind
Cast Spd up
Whenever the user moves 1 distance with this Footwork, a buff that increases Cast Speed will be applied to the user
Fancy Step
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Talisman" weapon, user's Stamina will be restored.
Driving Cloud
Reduced Enemy Counter
During this Footwork, the enemy's Counter damage will be greatly reduced
Fairy Footsteps
Move Closer
During this Footwork, whenever the enemy attacks the user, the distance between the enemy and the user will immediately reduce by 2. The reduced distance will be restored after the attack ends
Divine Swift
During this Footwork: Enemy cannot remove user's Footwork or Stamina; When the distance between the user and the enemy is not less than 5, the user doesn't consume Footwork when moving
Above The Sky
Enhanced Finesse gain
Cause Critical Hit
During this Footwork, user's Finesse will not be reduced by any effect; Effect of all buffs on the user that increase Finesse will be greatly improved; User's weapon attacks that use Finesse, as well as the Break techniques that have a Finesse part will get extra critical hit chance equal to a percentage of user's Finesse
Fallen Flower
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Zither" weapon, user's Stamina will be restored.
Jade Pavilion\nClimbing
Increase Your Accuracies
During this Footwork, whenever the user attacks the enemy, user's Accuracy stats other than Breath will be increased by a portion of the user's Breath
Farewell Steps
During this Footwork, every time the user hits an enemy 3 times, the enemy will receive 1 "None" style
8 Steps of\nSunset Gazing
During this Footwork, user's Cast Speed is greatly increased
Chang'e Flies\nto the Moon
When advancing with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 2 distance at once. After jumping, the user will gain 3 points of "Quick" True Qi
Beauty's\nSnow Walking
Remove E·Style
During this Footwork, whenever the user attacks an enemy, a separate Breath check will happen, and if the enemy fails to Resolve it, based on the user's Charm, up to 3 available Styles of the enemy will be changed to "None" Styles. This Breath check becomes progressively less accurate each time it activates within the duration of this technique.
Snow Goddess\nTreading Ice
Enhanced Swiftness Gain
Auto Cast Break
During this Footwork, user's Swiftness will not be reduced by any effect; Effect of all buffs on the user that increase Swiftness will be greatly improved; Any "Break" technique of the user that has a Swiftness part will have a chance equal to half of the Swiftness part's percentage to be automatically cast again without any consumption
Luo Shen's\nWave Riding
Restore your momentum
Adding a Daze marker
During this Footwork, whenever the user advances 2 distance: User's Inhale and Stance get restored, and if the user is inside of the enemy's attack range, enemy receives up to 3 Daze Markers based on the user's Charm.
Feather Stance
Cause Weak Point and Sealed Acupoint
When advancing with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump, up to 4 distance at once. If the user prepares to jump inside of the enemy's attack range, the farther the user advances, the more random body parts of the enemy will receive Weak Points and Sealed Acupoints.
Wooden Track
Reduced movement loss
During this Footwork, it reduces the loss of Footwork and Stamina caused by the enemy to the user.
Car Driving Chapter
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Mech. Bird" weapon, user's Stamina will be restored.
All Directions
For every 0.3 distance you advance with this Footwork, the user immediately makes 1 weapon attack on the enemy without consumption.
Tiger Hill Test Sword
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Sword" weapon, user's Stamina will be restored.
Stardust Avoiding Anger
Increase DES
During this Footwork, when the user attacks the enemy, if the enemy's armor grade isn't higher than the user's weapon grade, the DES of the user's weapon will be greatly increased
Dragon Riding
Footwork instead of Stance
During this Footwork: Enemy cannot remove user's Footwork or Stamina; if the user's Stance is not enough to perform the "Break" technique, the user's Footwork can be consumed instead of the user's Stance.
Tiankai Flowing Meteor Style
Enhanced Might gain
During this Footwork: the Might of the user will not be reduced by any effect; all Might-raising techniques and buff effects that the user receives are greatly increased
Flying on Grass
Move Dist Up
When advancing with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 1 distance at once. After each jump, the distance moved will be increased.
Perilous Cliff\nGathering
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Poison Pouch" weapon, user's Stamina will be restored.
Water Floating\nSteps
Improve Finesse of Kick Techniques
The Finesse of Kick Techniques performed with this Footwork will be greatly increased
Mount Chai's\nSkyline
While performing a Kick Technique in this Footwork, direct External Damage dealt by the enemy will be reduced by 60%
Flood Dragon\nStirs Ocean
Extra Kick
In this Footwork, when a Kick Technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user will be able to continue attacking the enemy by performing other Kick Techniques of a lower tier without any cost.
Stone Sink
Use Might to Resolve
During this Footwork, as long as the enemy doesn't have effects that change the way they Resolve attacks, all weapon attacks of the user will use the Might accuracy value.
Great Stability\nStance
During the duration of this technique, if the user's weapon is capable of striking the style required to perform the technique or the special effect of the technique, the "Punch", "Hack" and "Throw" styles possessed by the user can be used in place of each other.
Vajra Stance
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Pestle" weapon, user's Stamina will be restored.
Divine Footsteps
During the duration of this body method: the forward speed of the user will not be reduced for any reason; the forward movement of the user will not be regarded as movement, but as the change of the distance between the enemy and us, and will not cause any kind of movement effect, but the movement speed of the user will still affect the speed of the change of the distance between the enemy and us.
Snake Crawling
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Whip" weapon, user's Stamina will be restored.
Breakthrough Swamp
The movement speed of the user will not be reduced for any reason during this Footwork
Toad Leap
Reduced Footwork consumption
When advancing with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 1 distance at once. If the user hasn't attacked before the next preparation, the amount of Footwork consumed to advance will be continuously reduced
Flying Head
Heal Weak Points and Sealed Acupoints
During this Footwork, when the distance between the user and the enemy is not less than 5, the user won't receive any Weak Points or Sealed Acupoints
Rope Overhang
Improves aura recovery
Whenever the user moves 1 distance with this Footwork, user receives a buff that increases Inhale and Stance Recovery
Hundred Feet's Drill
Attrition of the enemy's Aegis
During this Footwork, whenever the user attacks an enemy, a separate Swiftness check will happen, and if the enemy fails to Resolve it, the remaining duration of the enemy's current "Aegis" technique will be significantly reduced. This Swiftness check becomes progressively less accurate each time it activates within the duration of this technique.
Sky Snake Rolling
Reduce Enemy's Poison Resistance
When advancing with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 3 distance at once. After jumping, the enemy will receive a debuff that reduces all Poison Resistances depending on the distance moved
Hundred-Foot\nPoles
During this Footwork, user's maximum attack range is increased by 2
Traceless 6 Steps
During this Footwork, if the weapon of the user is able to strike the style required to perform the technique or the special effect of the technique, the "Point", "Stab" and "Shot" styles possessed by the user can be used in place of each other
Carefree Step
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Hidden Weapons" weapon, user's Stamina will be restored.
Sky River Walk
During this Footwork, whenever the user advances 1 distance, user absorbs 1 point of "Break" True Qi from the enemy
Riding Five\nCarriages
When advancing with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 2 distance at once. After jumping, user's Stamina will be recovered.
Divine Rope
During this Footwork: Enemy cannot remove user's Footwork or Stamina; Whenever the user attacks the enemy, the distance between the enemy and the user will immediately reduce by 4. The reduced distance will be restored after the attack ends
Seven-Star Spin
During this Footwork, the less "attack tokens" the user has, the more the user's Attack Speed will be increased
Heaven Leap
Increase your attack
When advancing with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump, up to 5 distance at once. After jumping, the user will gain a buff that will increase user's Ext. Pen and Int. Pen.; The farther the user advances, the stronger the buff will be
Moving Star
Change DIstance
When this Footwork is used, the distance between the user and the enemy changes to 9; During this Footwork, the enemy cannot actively move closer to the user
Barefoot
During this Footwork: The user will not be moved backwards for any reason, and the enemy will have to consume more Footwork to move backwards
Drunk 8 Immortals
Recover Inhale
During this Footwork, whenever the user moves 0.5 distance withing the enemy's Attack Range, the user will have a chance to recover either Stamina, Inhale, Stance, or Attack Tokens. If the user is drunk, this effect will always trigger.
Dragon Tail
Increase the Weak Points level
During this Footwork, the level of Weak Points caused by the user to the enemy is increased.
Dragon Leap
During this Footwork, whenever the user attacks an enemy, a separate Might check will happen, and if the enemy fails to Resolve it, direct damage of this attack will be increased by 15%. This Might check becomes progressively less accurate each time it activates within the duration of this technique.
Wind Fire Stance
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Blade" weapon, user's Stamina will be restored.
Drunk Lying In The East Sea
During this Footwork, user's "Break" techniques will consume all Stance and Inhale of the user, and the power of the techniques will be increased based on the amount of Stance and Inhale consumed that exceed the technique's requirements. If the user is drunk, the power increase will be doubled.
Fox Move
Accelerated mobile storage
When advancing with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 1 distance at once. If during preparation user gets attacked, the speed of preparation will be increased
Tomb Escape
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Poison Sand" weapon, user's Stamina will be restored.
Ghost Move
Improve leg swiftness
The swiftness of the kicks performed by the user with this Footwork is greatly increased.
Ghost Hou's Rage
UP Kick Ext. Dam.
Direct External Damage to the enemy caused by the user's Kick Techniques performed during this Footwork is increased by 30%
Flying Zombies
External injuries cannot be reduced
Restore Your Footwork
When using this Footwork, the direct External damage caused by the user's Kicks cannot be reduced by any effect. When any Kick Technique is used at 100% of it's power, the duration of this Footwork will be restored
Little Leap
0 skill cost
When you move with this Footwork, you have a higher chance of not consuming your Footwork
Mountain\nPushing Palm
Increase your Might
After this technique reaches at least $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: The less layers of this effect remain, the more user's Might will be increased when attacking the enemy
Iron Fist of\nLion Phase
Change sytle gain
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 4 layers of this effect: all "Point" and "Hold" styles that user gains will be changed to "Punch" styles
Gate Breaker\n8 Moves
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, for every 3 "Punch" styles the user has, user inflicts 1 additional Weak Point to the enemy's attacked body part.
The Great\nStonebreaker
DES up
When attacking enemy with this technique: user's DES will be greatly increased; if the user's DES is higher than the enemy's Hardness, and the durability of the attacked armor isn't less than 75%, user's External and Internal Penetration will be greatly increased
Gold Palm of\nLion Phase
Injuries inflicted by this technique on the enemy's Arms will change to Old Injuries that are more difficult to recover from
Warlord's\nPull Bow
location DMG up
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion,, the damage caused by the user to either arm of the enemy will be applied to both the left and right arm of the enemy.
Cloud Mania Style
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 4 layers of this effect: User can advance up to 3 distances while performing any "Break" technique, and the further the user advances, the more the attack range will increase; If the next technique performed is still this technique, its power will be greatly increased
Great Divine\nPalm
Eliminate the enemy's Aegis
Blocking the enemy's Aegis
When attacking enemy with this technique, if the enemy is using an "Aegis" technique, half of its power will be added to this technique; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the "Aegis" technique of the enemy will be eliminated and "Sealed" for a very long time.
Great Slow Hand
Repeated cast
At the end of this technique, user's Might will be increased, and the user will repeatedly cast this technique again from 50% of its progress for free until the enemy leaves the attack range of this technique.
Ground Blade\nof Lion Face
When you start performing this technique, it restores Stamina; in the process of performing this technique, you can advance up to 2 distances
Rapid Blade\nof Mountain Cleave
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 4 layers of this effect: all "Stab" and "Slash" styles that user gains will be changed to "Hack" styles
Shield Blade\nof Lion Phase
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, for every 3 "Hack" styles the user has, user inflicts 1 additional Weak Point to the enemy's attacked body part.
Tremendous\nEffort Blade
When you start performing this technique, the more Strength the user has not consumed, the more the power of this technique will increase
Ao Slaying\nBlade
Injuries inflicted by this technique on the enemy's Legs will change to older injuries that are more difficult to recover from
Overlord Blade
Forbid the enemy to retreat
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 8 layers of this effect: Whenever enemy receives an Injury marker, layers of this effect get reduced by 1. While this effect is active, enemy cannot retreat as long as the user is in the enemy's attack range.
Gold Lion Blade
Ban Hetero
When you start performing this technique, "interrupt" all the enemy's Heterodox training techniques and eliminate all the enemy's Heterodox training techniques; While performing this technique, the enemy cannot perform any Heterodox training techniques; after the performance of this technique, the user gains 3 levels of this effect: the user cannot perform any Heterodox training techniques, and every time the user performs any Orthodox training techniques, this effect is reduced by 1 level
Coiled Dragon\nGhost Blade
Ortho to Hetero
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if user has at least 2 "Hack" styles left after this technique, user will consume 2 "Hack" styles and perform this technique again immediately from 50% of its progress. When this technique is performed this way, it's power increases drastically and continues until the user is no longer able to perform the technique continuously. After using, this skill will change from Orthodox to Heterodox version.
Wild Blade
Reduce Your Hit Chance
This technique will always deal critical hits; Whenever user inflicts an Injury or Fatal Wound marker on the enemy with direct damage, the power of this technique will cumulatively increase based on how many markers were inflicted by the user, however the user's hit chance will cumulatively decrease by up to 90% until the end of the battle. The cumulative increase in power of this technique cannot be shifted or removed by any effect.
Spear of Evil
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: Whenever user receives an External Injury or Fatal Wound marker due to direct External Damage, user recovers all of their "attack tokens"
Soul-Severed\nSpear of 5 Tigers
When you start performing this technique, the greater the maximum attack distance of the user than the maximum attack distance of the enemy, the more the power of this technique will increase
8 Mother's\nSpear of Lion Phase
Enhance Buff
Based on completion percentage of this technique, increases the strength of 1 buff on the user
General's\n16 Spear
When you start performing this technique, the more Constitution the user has not consumed, the more the power of this technique will increase
Spear of\nUniverse
While performing this technique, user can advance up to 3 distance, and the consumption of Stamina and Footwork will be halved. The further the user advances, the more the power of this technique will increase. For every 0.2 distance the user advances, user will gain 3 points of "Break" and "Aegis" True Qi
Spear of\nMountain-Shaking Beasts
Switch E·Weapon
When you start performing this technique, if the enemy does not use the "Aegis" technique, the enemy will immediately drop the weapon in his hand and switch to empty hand, and all the enemy's weapons can not be used temporarily.
Lion Spear of\nMadness Dragon
Transfer Reflect Damage
When this technique's damage gets Reflected, user transfers all of the Reflect damage back to the enemy; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 4 layers of this effect: When user isn't using a Footwork, the user can quickly accumulate power to advance 2 distance at once without consumption
Overlord Spear\nof Dragon
Attack enemy companions
Cancel Received Markers
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, all of the enemy's teammates will take the same amount of damage as the enemy, and gain twice as many layers of this effects according to the number of External Injury and Fatal Wound markers enemy receives; Each layer of this effect will cancel out External Injury, Daze, and Fatal Wound markers caused by direct damage by the enemy to the user.
Emotions
Improve Breath
After this technique reaches at least $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: The less layers of this effect remain, the more user's Breath will be increased when attacking the enemy
Crystal Tune
When you start performing this technique, if the enemy doesn't have any "None" styles, the power of this technique will be greatly increased; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, add 1 "None" style to the enemy, and if the enemy didn't have any "None" styles, add 3 additional "None" styles to the enemy.
Heart-Breaking
When you start performing this technique, the worse the enemy's mood is, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will randomly worsen enemy's Injuries based on how bad the enemy's mood is; After performing this technique, based on completion percentage of this technique, a special debuff which reduces mood will be applied to the enemy
Yellow Bamboo
Auto Cast
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user immediately performs a "Melody" technique without any cost. The possible tier of the "Melody" technique performed this way depends on the number of "None" styles the enemy has; If the immediately performed technique is still this one, the Orthodox practice effect of this technique temporarily changes to: "When you start performing this technique, the power of this technique greatly increases"
When you start performing this technique, the power of this technique increases dramatically
Xiang Lady Tears
Reduce the power of techniques
When you start performing this technique, if the enemy has a deceased spouse, the higher the Favor between the enemy and their deceased spouse with lowest Favor, the more the power of this technique will increase. However, if the Favor between the enemy and their deceased spouse with lowest Favor is lower than Warm, the power of this technique will be greatly reduced instead
3 Nights of Joy
Increase Breath
When you start performing this technique: A part of the user's Charm will be added to the user's Breath; If the enemy is male, the power of this technique will greatly increase, and if the enemy isn't a virgin, the power of this technique will greatly increase again
Song of\nThe Moon
When you start performing this technique: If the enemy doesn't have a teammate, the power of this technique will be greatly increased; If the enemy has a teammate, and the user doesn't, user will receive a large amount of True Qi equal to the portion of True Qi of 1 random enemy teammate; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, add 3 "None" styles to the enemy.
Love Poem
When you start performing this technique, the more mutual lovers the enemy has, the more the power of this technique will increase, but if the enemy has more than 10 mutual lovers, the power of this technique will be reduced instead
Celestial Music\nof Goddess
Remove E·Buff
Add Critical Wound
When you start attacking enemy with this technique, if the enemy has 3 or more "None" styles, eliminate enemy's "Aegis" and "Quick" techniques; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, eliminate all enemy's "None" styles, and add them back to the enemy as Fatal Wound markers.
Pure Lady's\nHidden Hand
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user takes away 1 "Hold" style from the enemy.
Jade Hand
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Direct damage caused by enemy's or user's "Break" techniques gets increased by 30%.
Cold Yin Palm
Injuries inflicted by this technique on the enemy's Waist will change to older injuries that are more difficult to recover from
9 Moves of\n9 Heavens
Reduction of external reflect
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 9 layers of this effect: If a "Break" technique performed by the user fails to reach $1$0% completion, user will receive significantly less External Reflect, and receive a portion of Stance consumed after performing that technique.
Jade Tripot Fist
Increase Poison Level
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: Cryotoxin applied by the user's "Break" techniques on the enemy will be raised from "Level 1" to "Level 2" and from "Level 2" to "Level 3". User's "Break" techniques the have Cryotoxin on them will also have a greatly increased Cast Speed.
Princess\nRainfall
Charm the Enemy
When you start performing this technique, if the enemy likes user's gender, the higher the user's Charm is, the more the power of this technique will increase; If the enemy can Adore the user, when this technique reaches $0$0% completion, there will be a very low chance that the enemy will start Adoring the user.
Divine Cold\nPalm
Change to Old Poison
En Cryotoxin Attack
This skill will change enemy's Cryotoxin into an Old Poison that's difficult to get rid of; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the enemy is poisoned by Cryotoxin, Cryotoxin will activate
One Mysterious\nHand
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user advances 2 distance towards the enemy.
Mysterious\nIce Finger
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user will gain 5 points of "Quick" True Qi
Fallen Finger
Avoid Skill's Damage
This technique inflicts direct External Damage both to the user and the enemy, but if the user has more Defeat Markers than the enemy, user will be immune to this damage; Direct External Damage caused by this technique can't be reduced by any effect.
Peeling Move
Remove E·Equipped
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will have a chance to remove 1 piece of Clothing, Armor, or Accessory from the enemy, and apply an External Defense debuff to the enemy according to the tier of the removed equipment
Poisonous Snake\nHidden Move
At the start of the battle, the user gains 0 layers of this effect: Whenever the user gains 1 point of "Quick" True Qi, this effect increases by 1 layer, and when this effect reaches up to 9 layers, the power of this technique will increase greatly, and it will be performed from 50% of its progress, after which this effect will revert to 0 layers
12 Moves of\nChangxi
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the user has at least 2 "Point" styles left after this technique, the user will consume 2 "Point" styles and perform this technique again immediately from 50% of its progress. When this technique is performed this way, its power increases greatly and continues until the user is no longer able to perform the technique continuously. After using, this technique will change from Orthodox to Heterodox version.
Polaris Finger\nPoint
Inactivated AcuPt
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, all body parts of the enemy that have Weak Points on them will receive 1 Sealed Acupoint of the same level as the highest level Weak Point on that body part.
The Great Moon\nFinger
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the enemy will unavoidably lose all of their "Aegis" True Qi, and gain a special debuff that decreases the amount of True Qi gained.
Taoism-Trinity\nFinger
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user takes away 1 "Point" style from the enemy.
Hook Clamp
Weak P. UP Ext. Dmg
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, attacking enemy's body part that has a Weak Point on it will increase direct External Damage dealt
5 Mantra\n5 Phases
Affect Everyone's Fame
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if at least 3 stats out of user's Composure, Cleverness, Enthusiasm, Valour, and Fortitude are higher than the enemy's, the enemy will receive 2 "None" styles, the user will receive 3 layers of "Just actions" Fame, and the enemy will receive 3 layers of "Being Praised" Fame
Pivot Move
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: Whenever user's "Break" technique fails to reach $1$0% completion, its power gets greatly increased. This effect lasts until that "Break" technique reaches $1$0% completion.
Clutch Finger
Causes backlash damage
Cause Extra Backlash
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion: The more "None" styles both the user and the enemy have, the higher the chance that this technique will deal its backlash damage to the enemy. If the enemy has a Sealed technique, this effect will always trigger. It also has a chance to cause up to 2 random Sealed techniques of the enemy to deal their backlash damage to the enemy
The Great\nYinyang Hand
Debuff Enemy
When you start performing this technique, unless the enemy already has the same debuffs, user's buffs will temporarily apply an opposite effect on the enemy, lasting until the end of this technique; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 1 layer of this effect: Unless the enemy already has the same debuffs, user's buffs will temporarily apply an opposite effect on the enemy. Layers of this effect will automatically decrease over time
Sky Earth Finger
When you attack enemy with this technique, if enemy's dominant internal element is "Earth" or "Water", it will eliminate enemy's "Aegis" and "Quick" techniques, and reduce the continuous effect of 3 "Break" techniques of the enemy to 0 layers
Swordsmanship\nof Round-Trip
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user takes away 1 "Stab" style from the enemy.
Swordsmanship\nof Sanchin
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user will gain 5 points of "Nadis" True Qi
Flying Sword
Injuries inflicted by this technique on the enemy's Head will change to older injuries that are more difficult to recover from
Art of the\nClairvoyant Sword
If user's Diversion, Parry, Evasion, or Focus is not lower than the enemy's, based on completion percentage of this technique, apply a debuff to the enemy that reduces the corresponding Accuracy stat.
Swordsmanship\nof Water Beetle
Increase Reflect Damage
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 8 layers of this effect: Whenever the user attacks the enemy with a weapon, the enemy will also immediately attack the user with a weapon, and the Reflect damage received from this attack will be greatly increased
Swordsmanship\nof 9 Lights
At the start of the battle, the user gains 0 layers of this effect: Whenever the user gains 1 point of "Nadis" True Qi, this effect increases by 1 layer, and when this effect reaches up to 9 layers, the power of this technique will increase greatly, and it will be performed from 50% of its progress, after which this effect will revert to 0 layers
Swordsmanship\nof Yinyang Reversed
Ext. Def. UP
When attacking the enemy with this technique, if this technique can cause direct Internal damage, and the user's Internal Penetration is lower than the enemy's Internal Defense, the user's External Penetration will be greatly increased, and the direct External damage dealt to the enemy will be greatly increased
Origin\nSword Intent
Seal the enemy's strange tricks
If user's "Nadis" True Qi is higher than its initial value, and higher than the enemy's "Nadis" True Qi, when hitting the enemy with this technique, 1 "Nadis" technique of the enemy that isn't permanently Sealed will become "Sealed". The number of times this technique hits the enemy will determine the length of the Sealing. At the end of this technique, user loses 12 points of "Nadis" True Qi
Ever-Changing\n14 Swordmanship
Take Enemy's Styles
Cast E·Skill
Interrupting the performance of gongfu
As long as the user can use the styles required to perform this technique, this technique can be performed using enemy's styles; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: Whenever the enemy uses a "Break" technique that requires "Hack", "Stab", or "Slash" styles, if the user can use these styles, the user will immediately perform the same technique using the power of this technique without any consumption. If the user hits the enemy with the same technique before the enemy, it will "Interrupt" enemy's technique, and cumulatively increase the power of this technique until the end of the battle
Tripping Spell
When this spell reaches $0$0% completion, enemy's Footwork and Stamina will be greatly depleted.
Disable
Blocking the Break of the enemy
When this spell reaches $0$0% completion, 1 "Break" technique of the enemy that isn't permanently Sealed will be "Sealed" for a very short period of time; The damage of the "Sealed" technique will be reduced, lasting until the enemy uses it; After casting this spell, the power of this spell will increase until the technique Sealed by this spell gets unsealed
Shocking Spell
Force E·Escape
When this spell reaches $0$0% completion: If the enemy can Escape, the higher the sum of the user's Composure, Cleverness, Enthusiasm, Valour, and Fortitude, the higher the chance that the enemy will immediately try to Escape; If the enemy can't Escape, and has no memory of this spell, the higher the sum of the user's Composure, Cleverness, Enthusiasm, Valour, and Fortitude, the more "None" styles will be added to the enemy
Summoning\nThunder
Deals random damage
When this spell reaches $0$0% completion, if enemy is equipped with a Weapon, Armor, or Accessory made out of Ore, the enemy will receive additional non-direct External Injuries on random body parts
Hexa-Jia Arcane\nBenediction
Increase Fatal Wound Damage
Increase Daze Damage
After this spell reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 9 layers of this effect: The more "Break" techniques of the enemy are Sealed, the more direct External and Internal damage user's "Break" techniques will deal; The more "Quick" techniques of the enemy are Sealed, the more Fatal Wound damage user's "Break" techniques will deal; The more "Aegis" techniques of the enemy are Sealed, the more Daze damage user's "Break" techniques will deal
The Puppet's\nSealing Spell
Blocking the enemy's Footwork
When this spell reaches $0$0% completion, 1 "Quick" technique of the enemy that isn't permanently Sealed will be "Sealed" for a very short period of time; While it's Sealed, all "Quick" techniques of the enemy will have a high chance of being "Interrupted" when their cast progress reaches 90%; After casting this spell, the power of this spell will increase until the technique Sealed by this spell gets unsealed
The 7 Whites'\nExorcism
Reduce Enemy's Defenses and Resolves
When this spell reaches $0$0% completion, 1 "Aegis" technique of the enemy that isn't permanently Sealed will be "Sealed" for a very short period of time; Based on the effect of the Sealed "Aegis" technique, enemy's Ext. Defense, Int. Defense, Diversion, Parry, Evasion, and Focus will be reduced; After casting this spell, the power of this spell will increase until the technique Sealed by this spell gets unsealed
Bless of\nThe Stars
Reducing the health of the enemy
Change Marker Type
Increase Sealing Duration
When this spell reaches $0$0% completion, if the enemy is Enthralled or Possessed, enemy's Health will be greatly reduced; After this spell reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 9 layers of this effect: The Daze markers caused by any spell cast by the user will change into Fatal Wound markers, and if user's spell reaches $1$0% completion, it will greatly increase the duration of Sealing on enemy's techniques
Almighty Spell
Prevent Sealing
Refresh Sealing Duration
This spell cannot be Sealed; This spell can only be cast when the user's True Qi isn't lower than its initial value; When this spell reaches $0$0% completion, it will refresh Sealing duration on all techniques of the enemy that aren't permanently Sealed. Whenever a Sealed technique's Sealing duration gets refreshed, the enemy will suffer a backlash damage from that technique 1 time; At the end of this spell, user's True Qi will be greatly depleted based on the type and quantity of Sealed techniques this spell refreshes
5 Animals Fist
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 5 layers of this effect: direct External Damage taken by user will be reduced by 15%.
The Great Snow\nMountain Palm
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: The higher the current values of Strength, Agility, Constitution, Vitality, Comprehension and Willpower of the user are compared to those of the enemy, the more the power of any "Break" technique performed by the user will be increased.
Blood Palm
Reduce Enemy's Pyrotoxin Resistance
When you start performing this technique, the more the enemy is poisoned by Pyrotoxin, the more the power of this technique will increase; Based on completion percentage of this technique, the enemy will receive a debuff that reduces Pyrotoxin resistance.
Osbeck Bone Melt
Steady pace of descending the enemy
Based on completion percentage of this technique, enemy receives a debuff that reduces Ext. Recovery
Divine Drug\nPalm
Absorbing enemy toxins
Applying additional toxins
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it absorbs the deepest newly inflicted Poison from the enemy, and changes the absorbed Poison markers into Injury markers at random body parts; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: Whenever user hits the enemy, the Poison absorbed by this technique will be applied to the enemy, ignoring enemy's Poison Resistance unless they're "Immune" to it
Divine Flood\nDragon Palm
When you start performing this technique, the more Injury markers enemy has, the more the power of this technique increases; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, up to 18 Injury markers of the enemy will change into Old Injuries that are more difficult to recover from
Fallen Hands\nof Mt.Chai
E·Move Spd Dn
Based on completion percentage of this technique, enemy receives a debuff that reduces Movement Speed
Hook Claw
Reduce Acritoxin Resistance
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: Acritoxin applied by the user's "Break" techniques on the enemy will be raised from "Level 1" to "Level 2" and from "Level 2" to "Level 3". Enemy's Acritoxin Resistance will also be reduced according to the number of remaining layers.
Iron Flower\nRotten Bone Claw
Injuries inflicted by this technique on the enemy's Chest will change to Old Injuries that are more difficult to recover from
Jade Cicada\nFinger
Variable toxin type
When you start performing this technique, the poison applied by the user to the enemy will change to either Umbritoxin, Cryotoxin or Oneirotoxin, depending on which of those the enemy has less of. If after changing the applied poison is Oneirotoxin, the power of this technique will be greatly increased.
Flood Dragon's\nIron Tentacle
No Harm Hands
Eliminate the memory of the enemy
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if user hits enemy's Head: Enemy loses all memories of this battle; Enemy can't attack with weapons, or perform techniques that require Stance until they are attacked in any way
Upside-down\nSky Kicking
Attacks are not defended
When you start performing this technique, if the enemy has no memory of this technique: Enemy's External Defense is halved; Enemy will not try to defend against this technique, their "Aegis" and "Quick" techniques won't take effect, and after this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will inflict 1 additional Fatal Wound marker
One Step Turn
While enemy is performing a technique, user can perform this technique from 50% of its progress; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user advances 2 distance. This effect cannot be repeated during the cast of the same technique.
Cuckoo's\nPecking
Causes additional blocked points
For every 1 External Injury this technique causes, it causes 1 Sealed Acupoint to appear on the enemy's attacked body part
Small 8 Moves\nof Gold Clank
Lowering the enemy's External Defense
This technique cannot be Reflected; When attacking enemy with this technique, if the enemy's External Defense is higher than the user's External Penetration, after this technique is performed, a buff that increases the External Penetration will be applied to the user, and a debuff that decreases the External Defense will be applied to the enemy
Flood Dragon's\nWagging Tail
At the start of the battle, user gains 3 layers of this effect: Whenever the total number of user's Defeat Markers exceeds half of the Defeat Condition, if the enemy is within the attack range of this technique, user starts performing this technique without consumption from 75% of it's progress, and its damage is increased by the amount of External Injuries the user has.
Flood Dragon's\nRolling Kick
Remove Your Impairments
Reduce Weak Points and Sealed Acupoints
While performing this technique, user can advance up to 3 distance, and for every 0.2 distance the user advances, 1 Injury marker and 1 debuff inflicted while performing this technique will be removed from the user; While performing this technique, user's Weak Points and Sealed Acupoints will recover at a faster rate
Great 8 Moves\nof Sea-Blocking
Prohibition of enemy action
While performing this technique, enemies with lower Ext. Recovery than the user can't move or perform techniques; Based on completion percentage of this technique, an Ext. Recovery debuff will be applied to the enemy; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the External Damage it will deal will be increased based on how much higher user's Ext. Recovery is compared to the enemy
A Hundred Steps\nof Mysterious Tripot
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: When the number of layers of this effect is Even, user's Might, Finesse and Swiftness will be greatly increased; When the number of layers of this effect is Odd, user's Diversion, Parry and Evasion will be greatly increased; If user performs this technique while still having layers of this effect remaining, their power will be greatly increased.
Zhen Fragrant
Reduce Enemy's Acritoxin Resistance
When you start performing this technique, the more the enemy is poisoned by Acritoxin, the more the power of this technique will increase; Based on completion percentage of this technique, the enemy will receive a debuff that reduces Acritoxin resistance.
8 Immortals of\nthe Other Shore
Increase Poison Activation Count
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 4 layers of this effect: The number of actions required for Poisons on the enemy to activate is increased, but every time a Poison on the enemy activates, it activates 2 times.
Shock Dream\nFragrant
Interrupting enemy operations
When you start performing this technique: the closer the enemy is to the user, the higher the starting cast progress of this technique will be; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the enemy's Focus is lower than user's Breath, immediately "Interrupt" enemy's cast, Healing, Detox, and Escape
Blood Narcissus
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 4 layers of this effect: the more Injury markers the user inflicts on the enemy with direct damage, the more the power and attack range of this technique will increase. This effect lasts until this technique is performed again.
9 Idiotic Fragrant
Skill Dmg Up
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 9 layers of this effect: the damage dealt by the enemy's "Break" techniques is greatly increased, but there is a high chance that they will be "Interrupted" when reaching 90% of their progress. If the number of remaining layers of this effect is Even, the chance of "Interrupting" is doubled.
Black Water\nPoison
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the more Acritoxin markers the enemy has, the more External Injuries and Weak Points will be added to random body parts of the enemy.
Nippy Fragrant\nof Hundreds Evil
This skill will change enemy's Umbritoxin into an Old Poison that's difficult to get rid of; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the enemy is poisoned by Umbritoxin, Umbritoxin will activate
Flood Dragon's\nBlood
Decrease Armor Durability
When attacking enemy with this technique, the deeper the enemy is poisoned with Necrotoxin, the more direct damage this technique will deal; If the attacked body part doesn't have Armor or if its Armor's durability is completely depleted, the direct damage dealt by this technique will not be reduced for any reason; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the deeper the enemy is poisoned with Necrotoxin, the more all of the enemy's Armor will be damaged.
Ghost Bone\nBlood Sea Otter
Add a must-death marker
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: Enemy's Poison Resistance is greatly reduced; Whenever the enemy performs a "Break" technique with a Poison marker on their body, 1 Certain Death marker will be added to their body. The more Certain Death markers the enemy has, the more the power of their techniques will increase. Once the enemy has 6 Certain Death markers, they will be defeated, and their Health will be reduced to 0.
12 Ways of\nAssassination
Unleash your weapon
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Sword·YuChang", user can perform this technique from 50% of its progress. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, "Sword·YuChang" will become Unleashed, allowing you to perform all "Sword Techniques" from 50% of their progress. This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Sword enables all "Sword Techniques" to be performed starting from 50% of their progress.
Gongbu\nThe Unique Sword
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Sword·GongBu", direct damage dealt by this technique will be greatly increased. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, "Sword·GongBu" will become Unleashed, increasing direct damage of all "Sword Techniques". This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Sword enables all "Sword Techniques" to deal increased direct damage.
Broken\nHoly Sword
Skill accuracy up
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Sword·ShengXie", the chances of hitting enemy with this technique will be greatly increased. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, "Sword·ShengXie" will become Unleashed, increasing hit chance of all "Sword Techniques". This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Sword enables all "Sword Techniques" to have increased chance of hitting enemies.
Heavy Sword of\nGreatTower
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Sword·JuQue", user's External Penetration will be greatly increased. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, "Sword·JuQue" will become Unleashed, increasing External Penetration of all "Sword Techniques". This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Sword enables all "Sword Techniques" to have increased External Penetration.
7 Star\nSwordsmanship of DragonPool
Reducing the consumption of techniques
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Sword·LongYuan", the Stance and Inhale consumption of this technique will be greatly reduced. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, "Sword·LongYuan" will become Unleashed, decreasing Stance and Inhale consumption of all "Sword Techniques". This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Sword enables all "Sword Techniques" to have reduced Stance and Inhale cost.
Taier\nImmeasurable Sword
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Sword·TaiE", the attack range of this technique will be greatly increased. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, "Sword·TaiE" will become Unleashed, increasing attack range of all "Sword Techniques". This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Sword enables all "Sword Techniques" to have an increased attack range.
HU·Sword Intent\nof Pure Soul
Int. Pen. UP
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Sword·ChunJun", user's Internal Penetration will be greatly increased. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, "Sword·ChunJun" will become Unleashed, increasing Internal Penetration of all "Sword Techniques". This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Sword enables all "Sword Techniques" to have increased Internal Penetration.
Swordsmanship\nof SuperbCore
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Sword·ZhanLu", the power of this technique will be greatly increased. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, "Sword·ZhanLu" will become Unleashed, increasing power of all "Sword Techniques". This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Sword enables all "Sword Techniques" to have increased power.
Blade of General
Power of descending enemy protection
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Blade of General", this technique will reduce power of enemy's current "Aegis" technique. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, "Blade of General" will become Unleashed, allowing all "Blade Techniques" to reduce power of enemy's current "Aegis" technique. This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Blade enables all "Blade Techniques" to reduce power of enemy's "Aegis" technique.
Blade of\nMaster Ruan
Countering weapon attacks
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Blade·RuanShi", then while performing this technique, user can Counter all Resolved weapon attacks. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, "Blade·RuanShi" will become Unleashed, allowing all "Blade Techniques" to Counter all Resolved weapon attacks. This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Blade enables all "Blade Techniques" to Counter all Resolved weapon attacks.
Battle Blade\nof Dragon Sparrow
Anti-shock direct damage
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Blade·DaXiaLongQue", then while performing this technique, user will Reflect direct damage. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, "Blade·DaXiaLongQue" will become Unleashed, allowing all "Blade Techniques" to Reflect direct damage. This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Blade enables all "Blade Techniques" to Reflect direct damage.
Blade of\nJade Carving
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Blade·KunWu", user can perform this technique from 50% of its progress. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, "Blade·KunWu" will become Unleashed, allowing all "Blade Techniques" to be performed from 50% of their progress. This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Blade enables all "Blade Techniques" to be performed starting from 50% of their progress
Blade of\nGhost Chef
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Ghost Butcher", this technique's damage will be increased based on the amount of Poison markers on the user. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, "Ghost Butcher" will become Unleashed, allowing all "Blade Techniques" to deal more damage based on the amount of Poison markers on the user. This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Blade enables all "Blade Techniques" to deal increased damage based on the amount of Poison markers on the user.
Red Blade of\n7 End
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Blade·Ruby", the Stance and Inhale consumption of this technique will be greatly reduced. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, "Blade·Ruby" will become Unleashed, allowing all "Blade Techniques" to have reduced Stance and Inhale cost. This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Blade enables all "Blade Techniques" to have reduced Stance and Inhale cost.
Incomplete\nBlade
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Blade·Deform", the attack range of this technique will be greatly increased. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, "Blade·Deform" will become Unleashed, allowing all "Blade Techniques" to have increased attack range. This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Blade enables all "Blade Techniques" to have an increased attack range.
The Last Blade\nof Minghong
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Blade·MingHong", the power of this technique will be greatly increased. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, "Blade·MingHong" will become Unleashed, allowing all "Blade Techniques" to have increased power. This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Blade enables all "Blade Techniques" to have increased power.
Dragon-Defeated\nStaff
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Polearm·Dragon Vanquisher", when this technique reaches $0$0% completion it will reduce enemy's "attack tokens" and "Polearm·Dragon Vanquisher" will become Unleashed, allowing all "Polearm Techniques" to reduce enemy's "attack tokens" when they reach $0$0% completion. This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Polearm enables all "Polearm Techniques" to reduce enemy's "attack tokens" when they reach $0$0% completion
Staff of\nSweep Cloud
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Polearm·Rainbow Whisk", when this technique reaches $0$0% completion it will reduce enemy's Footwork and Stamina, and "Polearm·Rainbow Whisk" will become Unleashed, allowing all "Polearm Techniques" to reduce enemy's Footwork and Stamina when they reach $0$0% completion. This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Polearm enables all "Polearm Techniques" to reduce enemy's Footwork and Stamina when they reach $0$0% completion
Staff of\n10 Directions
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Polearm·Mountain Shaken", when this technique reaches $0$0% completion it will "Interrupt" enemy's Healing, Detox, or Escape, and "Polearm·Mountain Shaken" will become Unleashed, allowing all "Polearm Techniques" to "Interrupt" enemy's Healing, Detox, or Escape when they reach $0$0% completion. This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Polearm enables all "Polearm Techniques" to "Interrupt" enemy's Healing, Detox, or Escape when they reach $0$0% completion
Staff of\nGhost Head
Reduce the number of effect layers
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Polearm·Cyan Ghost", when this technique reaches $0$0% completion it will randomly reduce 1 layer of enemy's "Break" technique's effect, and "Polearm·Cyan Ghost" will become Unleashed, allowing all "Polearm Techniques" to reduce 1 layer of enemy's "Break" technique's effect when they reach $0$0% completion. This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Polearm enables all "Polearm Techniques" to reduce 1 layer of enemy's "Break" technique's effect when they reach $0$0% completion
Staff of\nGold Eyes Tiger
Eliminate helper commands
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Polearm·Golden-eyed Tiger", when this technique reaches $0$0% completion it will put 3 orders of a random enemy's teammate on a 5x longer cooldown, and "Polearm·Golden-eyed Tiger" will become Unleashed, allowing all "Polearm Techniques" to put 1 order of a random enemy's teammate on a 5x longer cooldown when they reach $0$0% completion. This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Polearm enables all "Polearm Techniques" to put 1 order of a random enemy's teammate on a 5x longer cooldown when they reach $0$0% completion
Staff of\nMystical Island
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Polearm·PengLai", the Stance and Inhale consumption of this technique will be greatly reduced. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, "Polearm·PengLai" will become Unleashed, allowing all "Polearm Techniques" to have reduced Stance and Inhale cost. This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Polearm can reduce the Inhale and Stance consumption of all "Polearm" techniques
Divine Staff of\nOcean Carry
technique is more difficult to interrupt
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Divine Staff of Ocean Carry", this technique cannot be "Interrupted". After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, "Divine Staff of Ocean Carry" will become Unleashed, allowing all "Polearm Techniques" to be more difficult to "Interrupt". This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Polearm can make all "Polearm" techniques harder to "interrupt"
Iron Staff of\nMixed Element
If the weapon held by user is specifically "Polearm·Mysterious Iron", the power of this technique will be greatly increased. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, "Polearm·Mysterious Iron" will become Unleashed, allowing all "Polearm Techniques" to have increased power. This effect will last until the battle is over, or until you Unleash another weapon.
Unleashed: This Polearm can increase the power of all "Polearm" techniques
Mechanic\nSwallow
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: When user gains "Ware" style, there is a high chance of gaining 1 more "Ware" style.
Mechanic Hook
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if user can consume 1 additional "Ware" style, enemy's Stance will be greatly reduced
Chain
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 4 layers of this effect: The fewer layers of this effect remain, the more power of user's "Break" techniques increases.
Dragon Claw
Move away
The minimum attack range of this technique is greatly reduced; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, enemy gets knocked back by 6 distance, and if user can consume 1 additional "Ware" style, the closer the enemy is after being knocked back, the more damage they will receive.
Web
Forbid the enemy to advance
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 30 layers of this effect: Whenever enemy advances, user consumes 1 layer of this effect per 0.1 distance to offset the distance enemy moved
Mt.Tai Lock
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it immediately causes a number of Sealed Acupoints on enemy's Legs equal to the number of "Ware" styles user has, consuming all "Ware" styles user has in the process; Sealed Acupoints caused by this technique cannot be enhanced by any effect, and they take less time to wear off.
Mechanic Hawk
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: Whenever user inflicts an External Injury on the enemy using direct damage, user can consume an additional "Ware" style to inflict 1 indirect External Injury to a random body part of the enemy, which will immediately change into an Old Injury that is harder to recover from.
The Impulse
Transfer Injuries
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 1 layer of this effect: When the total number of defeat markers sustained by the user reaches the defeat condition, all of removable Injury and Fatal Wound markers of the user get removed, and a portion of the removed Injury markers is transferred to the enemy, after which this technique will be always be "Sealed" until the end of the battle.
Ancestor's\nLong Fist
Extra Prestige
When an enemy is defeated with this technique, the prestige gained by the user at the end of the battle is greatly increased
Scorpion Hand
Reduce Enemy's Umbritoxin Resistance
When you start performing this technique, the more the enemy is poisoned by Umbritoxin, the more the power of this technique will increase; Based on completion percentage of this technique, the enemy will receive a debuff that reduces Umbritoxin resistance.
Python Hand
Ignore Def Effect
When attacking the enemy with this technique, if the enemy's Oneirotoxin attacks the heart, the special effect of the enemy's "Aegis" technique cannot take effect
Blood Fluke\nPalm
Soul-Extinct\nPalm
When you start performing this technique, the toxin applied to the enemy by the user will change according to the least poisoned of the enemy's Acritoxin, Pyrotoxin and Necrotoxin, if the poison applied to the enemy after the change is still Necrotoxin, the power of this technique will be greatly increased
Azure Spider\nHand
Binding Enemy's technique
Exemption from exertion
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion: randomly select 2 "Break" technique of the enemy that have the most power buffs on it; When you start performing this technique, the power of this technique increases by the same amount as the power buffs of the selected techniques; Whenever the enemy performs the selected techniques, user can also perform this technique from 50% of its progress without any cost.
Poison Palm\nof Red Toad
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the more Pyrotoxin markers the enemy has, the more External Injuries and Weak Points will be added to random body parts of the enemy.
4 Colors Palm
This skill will change enemy's Necrotoxin into an Old Poison that's difficult to get rid of; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will immediately apply Acritoxin, Pyrotoxin, and Necrotoxin to the enemy.
Soul Peeling\nHands
Make False Secrets
When attacking enemy with this technique, the deeper the enemy is poisoned by Oneirotoxin, the more direct damage this technique will inflict; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the deeper the enemy is poisoned by Oneirotoxin, the higher the chance that the enemy will produce a Secret that they've "Kidnapped", "Poisoned", "Assassinated" or "Humiliated" random people on both sides of the battle.
Snake Insanity\nHands
When you start performing this technique, the more Gu Charges the user has, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user gains 9 Gu Charges, and the higher the user's Toxicology compared to the enemy, the more Gu Charges the user will obtain, up to 90 Gu Charges.
Red-eyed\nGu Descent
Implant Premature Gu
Reduce Attack Accuracy
Extra Accuracy Reduction
At the start of the battle, the user gains 3 Gu Charges; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it implants the enemy with an untamed Premature Red-eyed Gu; The Premature Red-eyed Gu will greatly reduce host's chance of hitting the enemy; Premature Red-eyed Gu needs to consume 1 Gu Charge from the host or the enemy after every trigger, otherwise it will die.
Chi Demon\nGu Descent
Receive Extra Daze
At the start of the battle, the user gains 4 Gu Charges; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it implants the enemy with an untamed Premature Chi Demon Gu; The Premature Chi Demon Gu will add 1 Daze marker to the host when the Poison suffered by the host activates; Premature Chi Demon Gu needs to consume 4 Gu Charges from the host or the enemy after every trigger, otherwise it will die.
Sinister Blood\nGu Descent
Reduced treatment effect
Upgrade Impairment
At the start of the battle, the user gains 6 Gu Charges; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it implants the enemy with an untamed Premature Sinister Blood Gu; Premature Sinister Blood Gu will greatly reduce the effects of host's "Healing", "Detox", and "Use Medicine" in battle; Premature Sinister Blood Gu needs to consume 6 Gu Charges from the host or the enemy after every trigger, otherwise it will die
Internal Demon\nDescent
Deplete Random True Qi
Additional loss of true qi
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it implants the enemy with an untamed Premature Internal Demon Gu; The Premature Internal Demon Gu will decrease host's random True Qi by 1 point whenever host's True Qi gets decreased, and will cause the user to obtain Gu Charges based on the original True Qi decrease, up to a maximum of 90 Gu Charges.
9 Yin Chi Corpse Gu
Increase Damage Taken
Increase Fatal Wound Damage Taken
Decrease Your Health
At the start of the battle, the user gains 12 Gu Charges; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it implants the enemy with an untamed Premature Chi Corpse Gu; The Premature Chi Corpse Gu will greatly increase direct damage taken by the host from "Break" techniques; The Premature Chi Corpse Gu needs to consume 12 Gu Charges from the host or the enemy after every trigger, otherwise it will die.
Jade Ice\nSilkworm Gu Descent
Increase Sealing Chance
At the start of the battle, the user gains 8 Gu Charges; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it implants the enemy with an untamed Premature Ice Silkworm Gu; The Premature Ice Silkworm Gu will greatly increase the Sealing time of host's techniques and weapons; The Premature Ice Silkworm Gu needs to consume 8 Gu Charges from the host or the enemy after every trigger, otherwise it will die.
Ghost-Eating\nGolden Silkworm Gu
Swallow Gu
Receive A Lot Poison
At the start of the battle, the user gains 16 Gu Charges; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it implants the enemy with an untamed Premature Golden Silkworm Gu; The Premature Golden Silkworm Gu will devour all other Premature Gu planted to the host in this battle, and inflict a large amount of Poison based on the Gu it devours; The Premature Golden Silkworm Gu needs to consume 16 Gu Charges from the host or the enemy after every trigger, otherwise it will die.
A Hundred\nColors Marrow Insanity
Randomly Mature Gu
At the start of the battle, the user gains 28 Gu Charges; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it implants the enemy with an untamed Premature Azure Marrow Gu; Whenever the host receives a Fatal Wound marker, the Premature Azure Marrow Gu will either cause Premature Gu implanted to the host in this battle to change into sustained untamed Gu, or grow a sustained Premature Gu into a Mature Gu. Sustained Gu won't require consumption of Gu Charges to trigger; Premature Azure Marrow Gu needs to consume 28 Gu Charges from the host or the enemy after every trigger, otherwise it will die
Swordsmanship\nof Green Beard
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user takes away 1 "Slash" style from the enemy.
Swordsmanship\nof Billhook
Reduce enemy attack speed
Based on completion percentage of this technique, enemy receives an Attack Speed debuff; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, enemy gets pushed away by 2 distance
Swordsmanship\nof Ghost Old Lady
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, for every 3 "Stab" styles the user has, user inflicts 1 additional Weak Point to the enemy's attacked body part.
Holy Wood\nSwordsmanship
Transferring the power of techniques
When this technique hits the enemy, but fails to reach $0$0% completion, portion of power of 2 random "Break" techniques of the user will be transferred to this technique. This effect lasts until this technique reaches $0$0% completion, and then the transferred power will be restored and multiplied, lasting until the end of the battle.
Soul Chasing\nSwordsmanship
Free Movement
While performing this technique, the user can advance up to 3 distance without consuming Footwork or Stamina, and the farther the user advances, the more the power of this technique will increase
Holy Ruler\nSwordsmanship
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, 3 "Earth", 2 "Water", and 1 "Wood" technique of the enemy will be "Sealed" for a short period of time.
Swordsmanship\nof Azure Spider
E·Atk power Dn
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it halves the power of 3 "Break" techniques of the enemy whose External Ratio is higher than the Internal Ratio. This effect lasts until the enemy performs those "Break" techniques.
Snaking Whip
Lowering the enemy advance distance
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: When enemy builds up strength to advance a long distance, the distance advanced will be greatly reduced
Centipede-Like\nWhip
Recovery of Weak Point
When attacking the enemy with this technique, this technique will directly attack the body part of the enemy that has the biggest amount of strongest Weak Points, and the duration of all Weak Points on the attacked body part will change to the maximum
5 Divine Whip
Hetero to Ortho
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Any "Whip" technique performed by the user will transform from Heterodox to Orthodox version, and power of the transformed "Whip" technique will be greatly increased.
Bone-Breaking\nWhip
Dreadlord's\nMetallic Whip
When attacking enemy with this technique: User's DES will be greatly increased; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, all of enemy's Footwork and Stamina gets eliminated, and enemy gets knocked back by 6 distance
Jade Breaking
Stamina instead of Stance
User's Stamina can replace Stance when user's Stance isn't enough to perform this technique. While performing this technique, the user can move and attack, and the more times the user hits the enemy with weapon attacks, the more the power of this technique will increase.
Spider Silk\nWhip
Blocking the enemy's weapon
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, 1 of the enemy's "Weapons" that is not currently being used will be "Sealed" for a very short period of time; After using this technique, the power of this technique will increase until the weapons Sealed by this technique stop being Sealed.
Dragon Whip
When attacking enemy with this technique, the deeper the enemy is poisoned by Acritoxin, the more direct damage this technique will inflict; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the deeper the enemy is poisoned by Acritoxin, the more the power of this technique will cumulatively increase until the end of the battle.
Sky Snake Whip
Accumulation of injury layers
At the start of the battle, user gains 0 layers of this effect: Whenever user inflicts a direct External Injury marker on the enemy by means other than this technique, the number of layers of this effect will be increased, up to a maximum of 9 layers; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the direct External Damage caused by this technique will increase based on the number of layers of this effect, and then will be decreased by 1 layer.
Forged Bone\nFist
Based on completion percentage of this technique, the power limit of all "Break" techniques of the user will be increased by 30% until the end of the battle.
Drunk\n8 Immortals Fist
E·Resolves Dn
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 8 layers of this effect: When user makes a weapon attack on the enemy, enemy can only use their lowest Resolve stat to Resolve the weapon attack; If user is drunk, when user makes a weapon attack on the enemy, the lowest Resolve stat of the enemy will be reduced.
Refining\nFire Palm
Ignore E·Armor
When hitting enemy with this technique, enemy's Armor will be ignored; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: When enemy is attacked by the user's technique, it consumes 10 points of the user's Constitution to increase user's External and Internal Penetration
Crazy Drunk Fist
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user has a low chance of performing this technique again immediately after it's finished, starting from 50% of its progress without consumption; The more disturbed user's Inner Breath is, the higher the External Damage caused by this technique will be; If user is drunk, the chance of performing this technique again increases greatly
Great Colorful\nPalm
When you start performing this technique, it transfers a portion of the power of 1 most powerful "Aegis" technique of the user and the enemy to this technique, and lasts until the end of the battle.
Divine Fist\nof Jade Yang
Increase the number of effect layers
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user will consume 10 points of "Break" True Qi if possible, and change the number of effect layers of 1 random "Break" technique of the user to the maximum.
Fire Palm of\n6 Yang
When you attack enemy with this technique, if enemy's dominant internal element is "Metal" or "Wood", it will eliminate enemy's "Aegis" and "Quick" techniques, and reduce the continuous effect of 3 "Break" techniques of the enemy to 0 layers.
Great Jade Yang\nFist
When you start performing this technique, the more the number of levels of the duration effect of all the "Break" techniques of the user approaches the maximum number of levels, the more the power of this technique increases.
Dragon Palm
Change skills
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: All Orthodox "Fist Techniques" performed by user will change into this technique, and based on power of this technique, their power will be greatly increased, lasting until the end of the battle; Orthodox Way of these techniques temporarily shifts to: "When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, enemy's "Aegis" technique, Footwork and Stamina will be removed."
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, enemy's "Aegis" technique, Footwork, and Stamina will be removed
Flying Sand
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, for every 3 "Throw" styles the user has, user inflicts 1 additional Weak Point to the enemy's attacked body part.
Thunder Fire
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 4 layers of this effect: all "Shot" and "Drive" styles that user gains will be changed to "Throw" styles
Dragon Spit\nDragon Ball
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user will gain 5 points of "Break" True Qi
Divine Power\nof Red Blue Fire
When you start performing this technique, user gains a buff that greatly increases External Penetration, and a debuff that reduces External Defense
Blood Burning
When you start performing this technique, if the user has any newly inflicted External Injuries, 3 random newly inflicted External Injuries of the user will change into 1 Old Injury that is harder to recover from, and then the power and Attack Range of this technique will increase greatly
9 Refining of\nThe Sun
At the beginning of the battle, the user gains 0 levels of this effect: every time the user gains 1 point of "Break" true qi, this effect increases by 1 level, when this effect accumulates up to 9 levels, the power of this technique increases significantly, and the user can perform this technique to attack the enemy without consumption from 50% of the progress of its performance, after which this effect reverts to 0 levels.
Blade of Fulong
Based on completion percentage of this technique, the power of all "Break" techniques of the user will be increased by 20% until the end of the battle.
Drunk Blade
When you start performing this technique, you can eliminate up to 2 unusable forms of the user, and if the user is drunk, you can eliminate up to 3 unusable forms of the user, and the more you eliminate, the more the power of this technique will increase.
4 Slashes of\nDragontooth
Force E·skill
When you start performing this technique, if the enemy has an "Aegis" technique that can be performed, the enemy will start to perform it immediately, and the Orthodox/Heterodox effects of the performed "Aegis" technique won't work. The higher the tier of the performed "Aegis" technique, the more the direct External Damage of this technique will increase
Blade of\nMindsets And Thoughts
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: all "Break" techniques performed by user will be affected by the lasting power increase effect of another "Break" technique of the user with the highest lasting power increase effect; If user is drunk, this effect will be greatly increased.
81 Slashes of\nMadness Dragon
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user gains 4 layers of this effect: The direct External damage to the enemy's body part hit by this technique will continuously increase, lasting until the end of the battle
The Great\nDrunk Blade of Yinyang
When hitting an enemy with this technique, the direct External Damage dealt will be increased according to the amount of External Injuries on the same body part of the user. Effect is doubled if the user is drunk
Dragonslayed\nBlade of Innocent Child
When you start performing this technique, if the user is a male or female virgin, the power and hit chance of this technique will be greatly increased, and the damage dealt by this technique won't be reduced for any reason
Hegemony\nBlade of 9 Dragons
Transfer Power Gain
Sealing Your Skill
When you start performing this technique, the continuous power increase effects of up to 9 techniques of both the user and the enemy will be doubled and transferred to this technique; After performing this technique, it will always be "Sealed" for an extremely long period of time
Vajra Hammer
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user takes away 1 "Punch" style from the enemy.
5 Anger Hands
Based on completion percentage of this technique, user receives a buff that increases External Penetration
Parami Palm
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user will gain 5 points of "Aegis" True Qi
Vajra Black\nSand Palm
When attacking an enemy with this technique: user's DES is greatly increased; Based on completion percentage of this technique, user receives a buff that increases direct External Damage dealt.
Soul Heat Palm
At the beginning of the battle, the user gains 0 levels of this effect: every time the user gains 1 point of "Aegis" true qi, this effect increases by 1 level, and when this effect accumulates up to 9 levels, the power of this technique increases significantly, and the user can perform this technique to attack the enemy from 50% of the progress, and then this effect reverts to 0 levels.
Vajra\nAnnihilation Hands
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if user has at least 2 "Punch" styles left after this technique, user will consume 2 "Punch" styles and perform this technique again immediately from 50% of its progress. When this technique is performed this way, it's power increases drastically and continues until the user is no longer able to perform the technique continuously. After using, this skill will change from Orthodox to Heterodox version.
4 Divine Palm
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 1 layer of this effect, stacking up to a maximum of 4 layers: At 1 layer: Power of this technique greatly increases; At 2 layers: Maximum attack range of this technique increases; At 3 layers: Direct External Damage caused by this technique won't be reduced for any reason; At 4 layers: After performing this skill, all Stance consumed by it gets restored.
The Great Sun\nBuddha Palm
Weaken Debuff
When you start performing this technique, the effect of all debuffs on the user will be halved, and the effect of all buffs will be doubled until the end of this technique
Vajra Blade
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user takes away 1 "Hack" style from the enemy.
Rakkhasa Blade
Blade of\nEvil Influence
As long as this technique isn't Resolved with Diversion by the enemy, the direct External Damage dealt by this technique will be greatly increased and won't be reduced for any reason.
Blade of\nSoul Heat
At the start of the battle, the user gains 0 layers of this effect: Every time the user gains 1 point of True Qi, this effect increases by 1 layer. The more layers of this effect user has, the more the power and attack range of this technique will increase. However, if the number of layers of this effect reaches 30 or more, the user will suffer backlash damage from this technique, and the number of layers of this effect will be reduced to 0.
Blade of\nVajra Fall
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the enemy's "Aegis" True Qi isn't lower than its initial value, the enemy will lose 30 points of "Aegis" True Qi. Otherwise, the enemy will lose 10 points
Vajra Prajna\nBlade
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, 3 "Wood", 2 "Fire", and 1 "Metal" technique of the enemy will be "Sealed" for a short period of time.
Ruyibaolun\nBlade
Steal Buff
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Whenever an enemy gains a buff not from this skill, its strength gets doubled, and then it gets transferred to the user, making the enemy receive an opposing debuff in the process
Blade of\n6 Mighty Powers
Consume Aegis True Qi
When attacking enemy with this technique, if the user's "Aegis" True Qi is higher than its initial value, the higher the user's "Aegis" True Qi is compared to enemy, the more direct damage the user will deal; When this technique ends, the user will lose 12 points of "Aegis" Qi
Blade of\nMahakala
Damage delayed effect
Increase Enemy Damage
While performing this technique, all direct damage received by the user won't take effect until after this technique is performed; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the External Injury and Fatal Wound markers that should've been received instead change into layers of this effect: When using "Break" techniques, user will consume up to 10 layers of this effect to increase the direct damage dealt. However, if the layers of this effect exceed 30, this effect will also work on enemy's techniques.
Rock-Breaking\nPoke
Improve DES
Damage to enemy's armor
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: When user hits an enemy, user's DES will be greatly increased, and if user manages to damage enemy's Armor, its durability will be damaged by 5 additional points
Dharma\nProtector's Poke
Enchanted
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the "Pestle" held by user becomes enchanted by "Dharma Protector": As long as user is holding this "Pestle", the number of External Injuries caused by enemy to the user will be reduced by 1 (to a minimum of 1)
Dharma Protector: As long as the user is holding 「Pestle」, the number of direct external injuries caused by the enemy to the user is reduced by 1 (to a minimum of 1)
Demon's Poke
When this technique is performed, if the Club used by the user is enchanted, the higher the enchantment level, the more external injury the technique will cause; after the technique is performed, the enchantment on the Club used by the user will be removed.
Vajra's Anger
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the "Pestle" held by user becomes enchanted by "Raging Vajra": As long as user is holding this "Pestle", the number of External Injuries caused by user to the enemy will be increased by 1
Raging Vajra: As long as the user is holding 「Pestle」, the number of direct External Injuries caused by the user to the enemy will be increased by 1
Chakravarti\nPoke
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Any "Pestle" technique performed by the user will transform from Heterodox to Orthodox version, and power of the transformed "Pestle" technique will be greatly increased.
Yamantaka\nPoke
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the "Pestle" held by user becomes enchanted by "Vajra of Virtue": As long as the user is holding this "Pestle", the more True Qi user has compared to the enemy, the more the power of all techniques of the user will be increased.
Vajra of Virtue: As long as the user holds this 「Pestle」, the more true qi the user has over the enemy, the more the power of all the user's techniques will be increased.
Magical\nTreasure Tree
When you start performing this technique, if the Pestle held by user is enchanted, the higher the enchantment level, the more the power of this technique will increase. When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the strength of all buffs of the user will be greatly increased; After finishing this technique, the enchantment on the Pestle held by the user will be removed.
Acala Poke
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the "Pestle" held by user becomes enchanted by "Immovable King": As long as the user is holding this "Pestle", its attack range will be greatly increased, user's Movement Speed will be greatly reduced, and all direct damage taken will also be greatly reduced.
None-Shape\nLittle Catch
Based on completion percentage of this technique, enemy's Stance will be depleted
Picking Star\nMove
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 4 layers of this effect: all "Punch" and "Hold" styles that user gains will be changed to "Point" styles
Jade Well Hands
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will steal 2 points of True Qi from the enemy. The type of True Qi stolen will be the lowest True Qi of the user; If user's True Qi is still lower than its initial value after stealing, user will steal additional 3 points of this type of True Qi from the enemy
Latency Yin\nFinger
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: External Injuries inflicted on the enemy will have a high chance to become Old Injuries that are harder to recover from
Thunderbolt\n7 Stars Finger
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, enemy will lose 6 points of "Break" True Qi.
Mysterious\nFinger
Causes random internal injuries
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the more Cryotoxin markers the enemy has, the more Internal Injuries will be added to random body parts of the enemy.
Source Extinct\nHands
Interrupt E·Skill
The higher the completion percentage of this technique, the higher the chance of "Interrupting" enemy's technique. Power of this technique will increase based on power of the "Interrupted" technique, lasting until the end of the battle.
Staggered\nFinger
0 Inhale·Stance cost
If the user's "Quick" True Qi is higher than its initial value, and is higher than the enemy's "Quick" True Qi, this technique will be performed without consuming Inhale and Stance, its power will be greatly increased, and at the end of this technique, user will lose 6 points of "Quick" True Qi
The Ultra One\nCrystal Finger
Changing the Ext. Def. for Ext. Pen.
While performing this technique: The majority of user's and enemy's External Defense changes to External Penetration; User will not receive more than 2 External Injury markers at once
10 Methods of\nJieqing
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, for every 3 "Shot" styles the user has, user inflicts 1 additional Weak Point to the enemy's attacked body part.
Leaf Picking
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 4 layers of this effect: all "Throw" and "Drive" styles that user gains will be changed to "Shot" styles
6 Hands of\nShadowless
Obtain special Kill style
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user will gain 1 "Kill" style.
Shooting Star
Change Kill Style Arrangement
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the user has more than one "Kill" style, up to 3 random "Kill" styles of the user will be arranged together at the end of user's style bar
Snapshot
Cause Random Weak Points
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user gains 3 layers of this effect: Whenever the user gains a "Kill" style, the more "Kill" styles the user has arranged together, the more random body parts of the enemy will receive Weak Points
Special Action\nof Trigram Map
Triggering the kill effect
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the user has any effects that would activate because "user gains a "Kill" style", then these effects will activate immediately without consuming layers; User will have a high chance of gaining 1 "Kill" style after this effect activates.
Throw\nTweet-Dragon
When you start performing this technique, the more "Kill" styles the user has arranged together, the more the power of this technique will increase; When attacking the enemy with this technique, consume all "Kill" styles of the user that are arranged together to greatly increase the direct damage of this technique
Divine Needle\nof Shadow-Stopped
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user gains 3 layers of this effect: Whenever the user gains a "Kill" style, enemy's Footwork and Stamina will be completely depleted
Divine\nNone-Thought
Concealed weapons gain spirituality
Hidden Weapons auto attack
When you start performing this technique, If the weapon held by user has "Spirituality", the power of this technique will be greatly increased. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the "Hidden Weapon" used to perform this technique will gain "Spirituality" for this battle. When this "Hidden Weapon" is not being held in hand by the user, when user obtains a "Kill" style, it will immediately attack the enemy regardless of the distance, without being affected by Counterattack or Reflect, and will always hit the enemy, but the user will not get any Stance or Styles from it.
Spirituality: When this "Hidden Weapons" is not being held in hand by the user, when the user obtains the "Kill" style, it will immediately attack the enemy on its own, regardless of distance, without being affected by counterattack or reflect, and will always hit,, but the user will not get any Stance or Styles from it.
Jieqing\nRapid Sword
Continuously Use Sword Technique
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 1 "Kill" style; When this technique reaches $1$0% completion, there will be a high chance that this technique will be immediately performed again from 50% of progress without any consumption.
Relationships\nCutting Sword
When attacking the enemy with this technique: If the user has 3 "Kill" styles arranged together, the higher the Favor between the user and the enemy, the more direct damage this technique will deal. If the Favor between the user and the enemy isn't lower than Intimate, the direct damage of this technique will not be reduced for any reason. After using this technique, the enemy and the user will have a Feud with each other.
Sword Intent\nof Fear
Jieqing Hidden\nRapid Sword
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the user has at least 2 "Kill" styles, the user will be able to perform a T9 "Sword Technique" from 50% of its progress without any consumption. For every 2 additional "Kill" styles, the level of "Sword Technique" that can be performed by this technique increases by one, up to a maximum of T7.
Swordsmanship\nof Kill
Kill Style is considered a Weak Point
Disrupt all Kill styles
When attacking the enemy with this technique, all "Kill" styles of the user that are arranged together are considered to be additional Weak Points with an increased effect on the enemy's attacked body part; When this technique ends, all "Kill" styles of the user will be rearranged.
Swordsmanship\nof Netherworld
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, 3 "Fire" techniques of the enemy will be "Sealed" for a long time.
Seven-Severing\nPerfect Sword
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 7 layers of this effect: Whenever the user's "Kill" styles get arranged together, if this technique is not Sealed, user will immediately perform a T6 "Sword Technique" from 100% of its progress without any consumption. For every additional "Kill" style aligned together, the level of "Sword Technique" that can be performed by this skill increases by one, up to a maximum of T4; When this effect activates, this technique will always become "Sealed" for a short amount of time
Mysterious\nSword Intent
When attacking the enemy with this technique, the deeper the enemy is poisoned with Cryotoxin, the more direct damage this technique will deal; If this technique attacks a body part that already has an Injury marker on it, its direct damage will not be reduced for any reason
Crazy Dog Fist
Random Dmg
When you start performing this technique, user gains 6 layers of this effect: All direct damage dealt by the user's "Break" techniques will be either decreased by 90%, or increased by 90%, with a higher chance to be increased
Heartbreak Palm
72 Hellbound\nFist
Leg Injured
When you start performing this technique, the more body parts of the enemy have "Injured" status, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will cause enemy's Leg to be "Injured" if it has an Ext. Injury on it; The person who has "Leg Injured" status will only get half of the Footwork bar. In addition, if there are 4 Ext. Injuries on the victim's Leg, it will be considered as a Broken Leg, which won't disappear until the victim heals all Ext. Injuries on their Leg
Zombie\nPoison Palm
Skill Can't be Blocked
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: Necrotoxin applied by the user's "Break" techniques on the enemy will be raised from "Level 1" to "Level 2" and from "Level 2" to "Level 3". User's "Break" techniques the have Necrotoxin on them will also be immune to being Deflected, Sealed, or Interrupted.
Blood Evil Palm
Torso Injured
When you start performing this technique, the more body parts of the enemy have "Injured" status, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will cause enemy's Torso to be "Injured" if it has an Ext. Injury on it; The person who has "Torso Injured" status can't have more than 60% of Inhale. In addition, if there are 4 Ext. Injuries on the victim's Torso, it will be considered as a Broken Torso, which won't disappear until the victim heals all Ext. Injuries on their Torso
Bone Melting\nGhost Palm
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if user has at least 2 "Hold" styles left after this technique, user will consume 2 "Hold" styles and perform this technique again immediately from 50% of its progress. When this technique is performed this way, it's power increases drastically and continues until the user is no longer able to perform the technique continuously. After using, this skill will change from Orthodox to Heterodox version.
Sky Demon Palm
Old Acritoxin
This skill will change enemy's Acritoxin into an Old Poison that's difficult to get rid of; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the enemy is poisoned by Acritoxin, Acritoxin will activate
Blood Hou's\nEvil Palm
Additional Markers
When attacking enemy with this technique, the deeper the enemy is poisoned by Pyrotoxin, the more direct damage this skill will deal; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the deeper the enemy is poisoned by Pyrotoxin, the more additional Fatal Wounds and Injuries enemy's random body parts will receive
Poke Eye and\nCut Ear
Head Injured
Lower Accuracy Resolve
When you start performing this technique, the more body parts of the enemy have "Injured" status, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will cause enemy's Head to be "Injured" if it has an Ext. Injury on it; The person who has "Head Injured" status will suffer from a Accuracy and Resolve stat reduction on every 2nd weapon attack. In addition, if there are 4 Ext. Injuries on the victim's Head, it will be considered as a Broken Head, which won't disappear until the victim heals all Ext. Injuries on their Head
Lock Throat
At the start of the battle, user gains 0 layers of this effect: Whenever user hits enemy's Waist, the power and the starting cast progress of this skill increases, accumulating up to 2 layers; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it greatly depletes enemy's Stance
Separation of\nBone And Muscle
Arm Injured
When you start performing this technique, the more body parts of the enemy have "Injured" status, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will cause enemy's Arm to be "Injured" if it has an Ext. Injury on it; The person who has "Arm Injured" status can't have more than 6 Styles. In addition, if there are 4 Ext. Injuries on the victim's Arm, it will be considered as a Broken Arm, which won't disappear until the victim heals all Ext. Injuries on their Arm
Low-Body-Break\nFingers
Waist Injured
When you start performing this technique, the more body parts of the enemy have "Injured" status, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will cause enemy's Waist to be "Injured" if it has an Ext. Injury on it; The person who has "Waist Injured" status can't have more than 60% of Stance. In addition, if there are 4 Ext. Injuries on the victim's Waist, it will be considered as a Broken Waist, which won't disappear until the victim heals all Ext. Injuries on their Waist
Poison Dragon\nClaw
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: Pyrotoxin applied by the user's "Break" techniques on the enemy will be raised from "Level 1" to "Level 2" and from "Level 2" to "Level 3". User's "Break" techniques the have Pyrotoxin on them will also have a greatly increased Cast Speed.
Hade Finger
Reduce Enemy's Necrotoxin Resistance
When you start performing this technique, the more the enemy is poisoned by Necrotoxin, the more the power of this technique will increase; Based on completion percentage of this technique, the enemy will receive a debuff that reduces Necrotoxin resistance.
Blood Pool\nGhost Claw
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user transfers 1 newly inflicted External Injury from each of their body parts to the "Injured" body part of the enemy
Lower Body Kick
At the beginning of the battle, the user gains 0 levels of this effect: Whenever the user hits enemy's Head, the power and starting cast progress of this skill increases, accumulating up to 2 levels; When using this skill on a Male, the power of this skill increases significantly
Conversely Kick\nof Toad
Reduces aura consumption
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user retreats 2 distances. Every time this technique is performed, it's Stance and Inhale cost gets greatly reduced, up to a maximum of 3 times.
Unpredictable\nKick
Power varies randomly
Whenever the user accumulates 1 distance, the power of this technique may increase or decrease, and will continue until the user accumulates 1 distance next time; after the performance of this technique, it will change from Orthodox to Heterodox practice
Scorpion's Soul\nHook Kick
Move Spd Up
If user's Movement Speed is higher than the enemy's, the power of this technique will be increased; Based on completion percentage of this technique, user will be given a buff that increases Movement Speed.
Walk And Kill
While performing this technique, user can advance up to 3 distance. The farther the user advances, the more the power of this technique will increase. For every 0.2 distance the user advances, user will gain 3 points of "Break" True Qi
Great Yin-Wind\nKick
Cause Sealed Acupoints
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the more Umbritoxin markers enemy has, the more Internal Injuries and Sealed Acupoints will be added to random body parts of the enemy.
Yama Ghost Kick
When hitting the enemy with this technique, the more innate five elements within the field of view of the user that can transform the user's internal five elements into buried ones, the more the power of this technique will be increased
Blood Shadow\nKick
Dn Cast Cost
Consume Break True Qi
If the user's Break Qi is higher than the initial value and higher than the enemy's Break Qi, the amount of Inhale, Stance, Footwork and Stamina required to use this technique is reduced by 75%, and when used this way the power of this technique is greatly increased, but the user loses 12 points of Break Qi at the end of the technique.
Ghost Poison\nSand
Change styles
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will change up to 2 unusable styles of the user into "Toxic" styles
Decayed Worm\nSand
When attacking an enemy with this technique, the special effect of the enemy's "Aegis" technique cannot take effect if the enemy's Necrotoxin attacks his heart.
Bone-Corrosion\nSand
Grave Sand
Doing legwork to perform
When user doesn't have enough Styles to perform this technique, user can perform it as a Kick Technique. Effects that can affect Kick Techniques will also affect this technique; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: for every cumulative advance of 1 distance, user will perform this technique to attack the enemy starting from 50% of its progress without any consumption, and when performed this way, this technique won't give layers of effect.
Golden Toad\nVoodoo Sand
When attacking the enemy with this technique, the higher the enemy's External Penetration, the more the enemy's External Defense is reduced
Lady Poison
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: Whenever user advances 1 distance, 1 "Toxic" style of the user will be consumed to make the enemy advance to the user for 1 distance. When enemy moves because of this effect, 1 Sealed Acupoint will appear on a random body part of the enemy.
Bloodhound's\nSand
En Pyrotoxin Attack
This skill will change enemy's Pyrotoxin into an Old Poison that's difficult to get rid of; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the enemy is poisoned by Pyrotoxin, Pyrotoxin will activate
Shaolin\nLong Fist
At the start of the battle, the user gains 0 layers of this effect: Whenever the user receives an External Injury or Fatal Wound marker due to direct External Damage, this effect increases by 1 layer, up to a maximum of 36 layers. Each layer of this effect increases the power of this technique
Shaolin\nVajra Palm
Increase the ratio of internal power
Based on completion percentage of this technique, the percentage of Internal Ratio of this technique will be increased. When this technique reaches 100% Internal Ratio, its power increases greatly, and direct damage inflicted by this technique won't be reduced for any reason.
The Great\nLong-Arm Fist
Attack range of this technique is increased; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: The maximum attack range of user gets increased by 1, and if this technique is performed under this effect, its power will be increased.
68 Moves of\nArhat Fist
Recovery of Aegis time
This technique can be performed during "Aegis" techniques; Based on completion percentage of this technique, duration of user's "Aegis" technique will be greatly restored
The Great Vajra\nFist
Transformation of Int. Pen. to External Penetration
External and Internal Penetration changes
When attacking enemy with this technique, if user's Strength is higher than the enemy's Strength, a portion of user's Internal Penetration will be transferred to External Penetration; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, 10 points of user's Strength will be consumed to obtain a buff that increases External Penetration, and a debuff that decreases Internal Penetration
18 Hands of\nDharma
Increase your own Ext. Pen.
When you start performing this technique, the power of this technique increases if the user's External Defense is higher than the user's External Penetration; when you attack the enemy with this technique, a part of the user's External Penetration will be added to the user's External Defense
Vajra Prajna\nPalm
When you attack enemy with this technique, if enemy's dominant internal element is "Wood" or "Earth", it will eliminate enemy's "Aegis" and "Quick" techniques, and reduce the continuous effect of 3 "Break" techniques of the enemy to 0 layers.
Demonhunt\nLight Fist
Change E·Standpt
When you start performing this technique, the greater the difference between enemy's standpoint and Kind, the more the attack range and power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if user's Breath is higher than the enemy's Focus, enemy's standpoint will change to Kind, and if enemy's standpoint changes from another one to Kind, the enemy will escape when possible
Shaolin\nTiger Claw
Based on completion percentage of this technique, the power of all "Aegis" techniques of the user will be increased by 20% until the end of the battle.
Shaolin\nFinger Zen
Finger of\nCatching Flower
Increase in external injury
As long as this technique is not Resolved with Parry by the enemy, the direct External Damage dealt by this technique will be greatly increased and won't be reduced for any reason
Great Finger\nof Vajra
Change Into Ext. Inj.
When attacking enemy with this technique: user's DES will be greatly increased; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will change 3 Weak Points and 3 Sealed Acupoints on the enemy's attacked body part to External Injuries
Whirling\nVajra Ring
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: direct External Damage taken by the user is reduced by 30%, and user is able to Reflect direct External Damage dealt by the enemy; When layers of this effect are exhausted, user immediately performs this technique from 50% of its progress without any consumption, and when performed this way, this technique won't give layers of effect.
Shaolin\nDragon Claw
When attacking enemy with this technique: user's DES will be greatly increased; the higher user's DES is compared to the enemy's Hardness, the more user's External Penetration will increase, up to 40%
Shaolin Staff\nof 6 Directions
Based on completion percentage of this technique, the power limit of all "Aegis" techniques of the user will be increased by 30% until the end of the battle.
Shaolin Staff\nof Yin-Yang
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 4 layers of this effect: all "Hack" and "Stab" styles that user gains will be changed to "Slash" styles
QiMei Staff of\n18 Points
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, for every 3 "Slash" styles the user has, user inflicts 1 additional Weak Point to the enemy's attacked body part.
Yakkha Staff
The maximum Attack Range of this technique is increased by 2; When attacking the enemy with this technique, the closer the enemy is to the maximum Attack Range of this technique, the more the power of this technique will be increased
Staff of\nSheep-Hunting Tigers
Exempt from Stance consumption
During "Aegis" techniques, the user can perform this technique from 50% of its progress without consuming Stance
Shaolin Staff\nof Madness
Increase "attack token" Recovery
While performing this technique, the user restores "attack tokens" twice as fast, and can make weapon attacks. The more times the enemy gets hit by those attacks, the more the External Penetration and Attack Range of this technique will increase, up to a maximum of 6 times
Skanda Staff
Cause Extra WS
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 18 layers of this effect: When user is about to receive a Weak Point, a number or layers of this effect equal to the level of the Weak Point prevented will be consumed to transfer that Weak Point to a random body part of the enemy. This effect won't activate any effects that activate by inflicting Weak Point on the enemy.
The Great\nWisdom Bodhi Staff
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if user has at least 2 "Slash" styles left after this technique, user will consume 2 "Slash" styles and perform this technique again immediately from 50% of its progress. When this technique is performed this way, it's power increases drastically and continues until the user is no longer able to perform the technique continuously. After using, this skill will change from Orthodox to Heterodox version.
Dharma Staff
Free Def
While performing this technique, the user can perform any "Aegis" technique without any cost or preparation, and the higher the power of this technique, the more the power of the "Aegis" technique performed this way will increase, lasting until the end of the "Aegis" technique
36 Close Hands
Cancel Unusable Style
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user gains 18 layers of this effect: Whenever the enemy tries to add an unusable style to the user, the same number of layers of this effect will be consumed to cancel it out
Rejuvenation\nFinger
Reduce Enemy Crisis
When you start performing this technique, the lower the enemy's sense of crisis is, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique fails to reach $0$0% completion, enemy's sense of crisis will be reduced
12 Hands of\nSilk Fist
As long as this technique isn't Resolved with Evasion by the enemy, the direct External Damage dealt by this technique will be greatly increased and won't be reduced for any reason.
White Ape's\nLong-Arm Fist
Restore Footwork Duration
Based on completion percentage of this technique, greatly restores the duration of user's "Quick" technique
Transfer Flower\nPicker
Ext. Def. to Int. Def.
Ext. and Int. Def. Change
When attacking the enemy with this technique, if the user's Agility is higher than the enemy's Agility, a portion of enemy's External Defense will be transferred to Internal Defense; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, 10 points of user's Agility will be consumed to inflict enemy with a buff that increases Internal Defense, and a debuff that decreases External Defense
Heavenly Spirit\nThunder Palm
At the start of the battle, the user gains 3 layers of this effect: This technique will start from 50% of cast progress, and user's Ext. Pen. when using this technique will be greatly increased, but the more layers of this effect remain, the more the user's Stance Recovery speed will be reduced
Vajra Samadhi\nPalm
Reduce Enemy Ext. Def.
This technique cannot be interrupted; This technique will always reach $0$0% completion; The higher the enemy's Internal Defense, the more their External Defense will be reduced, up to a half. For every hit made by this technique that misses, user needs to consume 5 points of "Nadis" True Qi, otherwise these effects won't activate.
Chilling Pinprick
Based on completion percentage of this technique, the power of all "Quick" techniques of the user will be increased by 20% until the end of the battle.
Emei Finger Zen
Based on completion percentage of this technique, user receives a buff that increases Internal Penetration
Lame Fight\n80 Moves
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, for every 3 "Hold" styles the user has, user inflicts 1 additional Weak Point to the enemy's attacked body part.
Split Flower
Resolve to Accu
When attacking the enemy with this technique, ignore Armor on the attacked body part; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user gains 4 layers of this effect: if Might, Finesse, or Swiftness of the user's attack is lower than the user's Diversion, Parry, or Evasion, user's corresponding Resolve stat multiplied by 1.5 replaces the Accuracy stat
Lighten Finger
Deal Extra Dmg
The Attack Range of this technique is always the maximum; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user will knock back the enemy 4 distance, and if the distance between the enemy and the user after being knocked back is not greater than 8, user will deal the same damage to the enemy again
A Thousand\nHands
Decrease Attack Token Consumption
Reduce your Accuracy
This technique can't be "Sealed" or "Interrupted"; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user gains 4 layers of this effect: Weapon attacks that cost 2 or more attack tokens will cost 1 less attack token, but the Might, Finesse, and Swiftness of these attacks will be greatly reduced
The Great\nFinger of Mt.Light
When you start performing this technique, the higher the user's Fame, the more the power of this technique will increase; If the user's Fame isn't lower than the enemy's, this technique will always reach 100% completion
Heavenly Spirit\nFinger
Sealed Acupoints Reappear
Level of Sealed Acupoints caused by this technique won't be reduced for any reason; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user gains 7 layers of this effect: Whenever the enemy unseals a Sealed Acupoint with a level less than 4, the Sealed Acupoint will reappear with a level increased by 1. This effect won't activate any effects that activate by inflicting Sealed Acupoint on the enemy
Swordsmanship\nof Flower Brush
Improve your Swiftness
After this technique reaches at least $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: The less layers of this effect remain, the more user's Swiftness will be increased when attacking the enemy
Swordsmanship\nof Hidden Swordmaster
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 4 layers of this effect: all "Hack" and "Slash" styles that user gains will be changed to "Stab" styles
Swordsmanship\nof White Eyebrow
Swordsmanship\nof Lotus
When this technique inflicts at least 1 direct External Injury or Fatal Wound to the enemy, it inflicts 1 additional higher leveled Sealed Acupoint on the enemy's attacked body part.
Swordsmanship\nof Yue Maiden
Improve the chances of chasing
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 7 layers of this effect: User's follow-up attack chance will be greatly increased.
Swordsmanship\nof Remnant Rainbow
At the start of the battle, user gains 0 layers of this effect: Whenever the user gains a Style, this effect increases by 1 layer, up to a maximum of 9 layers; The more layers the user has, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, layers of this effect will go back to 0.
Divine\nSwordsmanship of Pure Girl
Quickly perform techniques
While performing this technique, user can actively perform any "Break" technique with an External Ratio of at least 60% without preparation, increasing the power and cast progress of this technique based on the tier of the used "Break" technique; Once that technique and any additional techniques it might perform reach $0$0% completion, continue to perform this technique.
Stab of\n5 Elements
Based on completion percentage of this technique, the power limit of all "Quick" techniques of the user will be increased by 30% until the end of the battle.
Stab of Lost Soul
Improve Counterattack Accuracy
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: user's Accuracy when Countering enemies will be greatly increased.
Beauty Stab
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the distance between the user and the enemy is less than the enemy's maximum attack range, user will immediately retreat to the enemy's maximum attack range without consumption.
Stab of\nDexterity Snake
When you start performing this technique, the more Agility the user has not consumed, the more the power of this technique will increase
Shadow Stab
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the enemy's "Quick" True Qi isn't lower than its initial value, the enemy will lose 30 points of "Quick" True Qi. Otherwise, the enemy will lose 10 points
Divine Needle\nof Meditation Wisdom
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, enemy loses all memories of this battle. Power of all techniques used by the user before enemy lost memories will be greatly increased, lasting until the end of the battle
Pure Girl's Stab
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user gains 3 layers of this effect: Whenever the user Counters an attack, the user gains 1 random available style. If the user successfully Counters an attack, the user will immediately perform this technique without consumption, and the power of this technique will be greatly increased. When performed this way, this technique won't give layers of effect
Immortal\nNeedle of Golden Top
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if user has at least 2 "Stab" styles left after this technique, user will consume 2 "Stab" styles and perform this technique again immediately from 50% of its progress. When this technique is performed this way, it's power increases drastically and continues until the user is no longer able to perform the technique continuously. After using, this skill will change from Orthodox to Heterodox version.
Needle Finger
Improve your Finesse
After this technique reaches at least $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: The less layers of this effect remain, the more user's Finesse will be increased when attacking the enemy
Rejuvenation\nFinger
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: Umbritoxin applied by the user's "Break" techniques on the enemy will be raised from "Level 1" to "Level 2" and from "Level 2" to "Level 3". Enemy's Umbritoxin Resistance will also be reduced according to the number of remaining layers
Finger Magenta
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, for every 3 "Point" styles the user has, user inflicts 1 additional Weak Point to the enemy's attacked body part.
Blue And White\nFlower Beauty
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: Oneirotoxin applied by the user's "Break" techniques on the enemy will be raised from "Level 1" to "Level 2" and from "Level 2" to "Level 3". User's "Break" techniques the have Oneirotoxin on them will also be immune to being Deflected, Sealed, or Interrupted
Flower Rain
For every $0$0% of completion of this technique, user has a low chance of inflicting 1 additional Sealed Acupoint on the enemy
The Great\nFlower Finger of Mandala
Reduce Enemy's Oneirotoxin Resistance
When you start performing this technique, the more the enemy is poisoned by Oneirotoxin, the more the power of this technique will increase; Based on completion percentage of this technique, the enemy will receive a debuff that reduces Oneirotoxin resistance.
Flower Spirit\nMoon Finger
When you attack enemy with this technique, if enemy's dominant internal element is "Fire" or "Metal", it will eliminate enemy's "Aegis" and "Quick" techniques, and reduce the continuous effect of 3 "Break" techniques of the enemy to 0 layers
A Hundred\nFlower Fight
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, 1 Old Injury marker will be added to all body parts of the enemy that have Sealed Acupoints
8 Moves of\nBlood Red Flower
Dec. Health to Dec. Injury
Unless this technique is retrained, its Way will not be changed for any reason; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion: User consumes a part of the enemy's Health, and changes it into the user's Health limit, which can be accumulated up to 80 years of life. This effect lasts until this technique is retrained, or the user dies; Whenever an enemy inflicts a Fatal Wound on the user, 4 years of this accumulated life will be consumed to reduce it by 1
Needle Control
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, for every 3 "Drive" styles the user has, user inflicts 1 additional Weak Point to the enemy's attacked body part.
5 Elements\nPinprick
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 4 layers of this effect: all "Throw" and "Shot" styles that user gains will be changed to "Drive" styles
Chilling Pinprick
Reduce Enemy's Cryotoxin Resistance
When you start performing this technique, the more the enemy is poisoned by Cryotoxin, the more the power of this technique will increase; Based on completion percentage of this technique, the enemy will receive a debuff that reduces Cryotoxin resistance.
Bianque Pinprick
Heal Injuries
When the cast progress of this technique reaches 100%, the user will perform 1 "Healing" that doesn't consume a "Healing" attempt, but can only cure newly inflicted Injuries. The more Injuries this "Healing" eliminates, the more the power of this technique will be increased
Vitality\nLosing Pinprick
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the enemy's "Nadis" True Qi isn't lower than its initial value, the enemy will lose 30 points of "Nadis" True Qi. Otherwise, the enemy will lose 10 points
Deadly Pinprick
Ext. Dmg. to Fatal Dmg.
Worsening the enemy's internal wounds
All External Damage dealt by this technique will turn into Fatal Wound Damage. For every 1 Fatal Wound marker this technique inflicts, a random Internal Injury on the enemy's body will worsen
9-Needle Strike
This skill will change enemy's Oneirotoxin into an Old Poison that's difficult to get rid of; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will immediately apply Umbritoxin, Cryotoxin, and Oneirotoxin to the enemy
Meridian\nBreaking Pinprick
Decrease Enemy's True QI
When attacking enemy with this technique, the more the enemy is poisoned with Umbritoxin, the more direct damage this technique will deal; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the more the enemy is poisoned with Umbritoxin, the more "Break", "Quick", "Aegis", and "Nadis" True Qi the enemy will lose, and for a certain period of time the enemy's True Qi won't naturally recover
12-String\nNeedles
Change Enemy's Int. Element
When attacking enemy with this technique, the user will consume up to 12 Style Change charges. For every 4 consumed charges, a Sealed Acupoint will appear on the attacked body part of the enemy; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: Layers of this effect can be used as Style Change charges, and whenever the user hits the enemy with a Style Change attack, based on what body part was hit, enemy's Internal Element will change in this battle
Cloud And Stream
Inhale instead of Stance
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: User's Stance requirements to actively perform techniques will completely change to requiring Inhale instead, and the Inhale used this way will partially restore user's Stance
Home Forgetting
When you start performing this technique, the better the user's Mood is, the more the power of this technique increases; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, attack range of user's next "Break" technique increases based on how high user's Mood is; At the end of this technique, based on completion percentage of this technique user gains a buff that improves their Mood.
Phoenix Arrival
Improving BRE and FOC
When you start performing this technique, if the user's Karma is higher than the enemy's Karma, user's Karma will be added to the power of this technique, and if the user's Perception is also higher than the enemy's Perception, user will receive a buff that increases Breath and Focus
Imperial\nConcubine
When you start performing this technique, all of your True Qi that is below the initial value will be restored by 3 points; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, all of your True Qi that is below the initial value will again be restored by a maximum of 6 points
Flowers Sigh
Inc. your Seven Instincts
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it removes all debuffs on the user with at least 300% intensity, and based on the number of removed debuffs, it applies buffs that increase all Seven Instincts of the user
Burydeer Orchid
Disorder Enemy's Styles
When you start performing this technique, the more "None" Styles both the user and the enemy have, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will randomly remove from 2 to 4 "None" Styles from the user, and randomly add from 2 to 4 "None" Styles to the enemy
The World\nAmused
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will randomly greatly increase the power of 1 "Break", 1 "Quick", 1 "Aegis" and 1 "Nadis" techniques that haven't been enhanced by this technique yet, lasting until the end of the battle.
Wudang\nLong Fist
According to the power of this technique, it increases the power limit of all the "Nadis" techniques of the user by 30% until the end of the battle.
Wind Chasing\nPalm
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 4 layers of this effect: all "Punch" and "Point" styles that user gains will be changed to "Hold" styles
Wudang Soft\nPalm
When hitting enemy with this technique, enemy's Armor will be ignored; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: When enemy is attacked by the user's technique, it consumes 10 points of the user's Vitality to increase user's External and Internal Penetration
The 8 Trigrams\nPalm
At the start of the battle, the user gains 0 layers of this effect: For every 1 distance the user moves, this effect increases by 1 layer, up to 5 layers. The higher the number of layers of this effect, the less Inhale and Stance the user needs to consume when performing this technique, and the more the user's Might, Finesse and Swiftness will increase; After this technique is used, this effect decreases by 1 layer
The Ultra One\nUnfettered Palm
While performing this technique, user can advance up to 3 distance. The farther the user advances, the more the power of this technique will increase. For every 0.2 distance the user advances, user will gain 3 points of "Nadis" True Qi
Divine Fist
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, 3 "Metal", 2 "Wood", and 1 "Fire" technique of the enemy will be "Sealed" for a short period of time.
Wudang\nPure Yang Fist
While enemy is performing a "Break" technique with an Internal Ratio of 50% or more, user can start performing this technique from 50% of its progress. When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will "Interrupt" enemy's "Break" technique that has Internal Ratio of 50% or more.
Purple Yang\nUpright Fist
This technique cannot be reflected; When you start performing this technique, the higher the Internal Breath stat of the user, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user's newly inflicted Qi Disorder will be greatly reduced
Taichi Fist
Accumulate Skill Powe
Reduce Direct Damage
At the start of the battle, or when this technique changes from Heterodox practice to Orthodox practice, the user gains 20 layers of this effect: When the user Resolves or Deflects enemy's non-Breath weapon attack, the "Borrowed Power" of this technique will be accumulated based on the enemy's ATK and Defense stats. The higher the power of this technique, the higher the accumulation rate; The "Borrowed Power" accumulated by this technique will reduce direct damage taken from the enemy techniques; After using this technique, it will change from Orthodox practice to Heterodox practice.
Wudang\nSwordsmanship
Based on completion percentage of this technique, the power of all "Nadis" techniques of the user will be increased by 20% until the end of the battle.
Wudang\nSwordsmanship of Unfettered
While performing this technique, user can advance up to 2 distances without consuming Stamina
Plain Rainbow\nSword
Extra Move
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: Whenever enemy retreats 1 distance, user will immediately advance 1 distance. When layers of this effect get exhausted, if the enemy is within the user's attack range, user will immediately perform this technique from 75% of its progress without any consumption. When performed this way, this technique won't give layers of effect.
Swordsmanship\nof The Ultra One Mysterious
When you start performing this technique, the more Vitality the user has not consumed, the more the power of this technique will increase
Pure Yang\nSword Intent
When you start performing this technique, if the user is a virgin, the power of this technique will be increased based on the user's Int Ratio Bonus
Swordsmanship\nof Roving Dragon
Backing up while operating
At the start of the battle, user gains 0 layers of this effect: Whenever user advances 1 distance while not casting any technique, this effect increases by 1 layer, up to 4 layers; Under this effect, user can retreat a distance equal to the number of layers of this effect during the cast of any "Break" technique with halved Stamina and Footwork consumption. This effect decreases by 1 layer for every 2 distances retreated during the cast of "Break" techniques.
Swordsmanship\nof Taichi
Reduce enemy attack
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 5 layers of this effect: When enemy attacks the user with a weapon, the chances of non-Breath attacks hitting the user are greatly reduced, and whenever the user Resolves enemy's attack that isn't a follow-up or Breath attack, enemy will receive a debuff that reduces External and Internal Penetration
Congenital\nYoungyang Sword Intent
If the user's real age is not higher than 40, the power of this technique won't be reduced for any reason; The lower the real age of the user, the more the power of this technique will increase when used.
Limitless\nSword Form
When user doesn't have any available styles, this technique can be performed without any styles; When attacking enemy with this technique, if the user doesn't have any available styles, the attack range of this technique changes to the maximum, the power of this technique increases greatly. this technique will always reach $0$0% completion, and this technique cannot be reflected.
Whisk Swipe
Based on completion percentage of this technique, it reduces user's newly inflicted Qi Disorder
Wudang\nMetallic Swipe
Resume sealing time
When attacking the enemy with this technique, this technique will directly attack the body part of the enemy with the biggest amount of strongest Sealed Acupoints, and the duration of all Sealed Acupoints on the attacked body part will change to the maximum
Taichi Swipe
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Any "Whisk" technique performed by the user will transform from Heterodox to Orthodox version, and power of the transformed "Whisk" technique will be greatly increased.
Laojun Swipe
At the start of the battle, user gains 6 layers of this effect: Whenever the total number of user's defeat markers exceeds half of the defeat condition, these layers will be consumed to remove user's Injury markers; For every Injury marker removed, 1 layer of this effect will be consumed; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, 1 layer of this effect will be restored, up to a maximum of 3 layers
Yin-Yang Invert
Restraint Orthodox practice Nadis
The enemy will use Internal Defense to resist the direct External damage dealt by this technique; While performing this technique, all of the enemy's Orthodox "Nadis" techniques won't work
The Ultra One\nSwipe
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the lower the Qi Disorder of the user, the higher the number and level of Sealed Acupoints caused by this technique will be.
Heavy Swipe
When you start performing this technique, the lower the Qi Disorder of the user, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the lower the Qi Disorder of the user, the more direct damage this technique will deal.
Formless Swipe
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it completely eliminates power debuff effects of 3 skills of the user received during this battle, reduces user's newly inflicted Qi Disorder, and increases power of this technique based on how much power was regained from removing power debuffs, lasting until the end of the battle
Yuanshan\nJump Kick
Whenever the user chases an enemy at least 2 times with "Blade", if the enemy is within the attack range of this technique, the user will immediately perform this technique to attack the enemy without consumption starting from 50% of the performance progress; after the performance of this technique is finished, it will change from Orthodox to Heterodox practice
Mandarin Duck\nCombo Kick
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the Stance, Footwork, and Stamina required to perform this technique will be reduced by up to 75%, lasting until the end of the battle
Tiger Tail
At the start of the battle, user gains 3 layers of this effect: When enemy attacks the user from a distance greater than the user's maximum attack range, the attack range of this technique becomes greatly increased, and user immediately performs this technique from 50% of its progress without any consumption; When active performance of this skill reaches $0$0% completion, this effect regains 1 layer
8 Steps of\nSquared Up
Transferring your mark
While performing this technique, user can advance up to 3 distances. For every 0.2 distance the user advances, 1 Impairment marker received by the user while performing this technique will be transferred to the enemy
The Great Vajra\nKick
When attacking enemy with this technique: user's DES will be greatly increased; Based on power of this technique, enemy will be pushed back up to 5 distances, and if the enemy is pushed back farther than their maximum attack range, 3 high level Weak Points will be randomly added to the enemy
Kick of\nMove The Mountain
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, 3 "Water", 2 "Fire", and 1 "Earth" technique of the enemy will be "Sealed" for a short period of time.
Cloud Dragon\n9 Kick
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 8 layers of this effect: Whenever user advances 0.2 distance in a row, the number of layers of this effect will decrease by 1. If the enemy is within the attack range of this technique, user only needs to consume 10% of their Stamina to perform this technique again from 50% of its progress. When performed this way, this technique won't give layers of effect.
Divine Kick of\nAo King
Cause Random Damage
While performing this technique, the enemy will be continuously drawn into the center of this technique's attack range. Once the enemy gets close to the center of this technique's attack range, based on the user's External and Internal Deflect's highest value, the enemy will continuously receive indirect External and Internal damage to random body parts, and depletion of External and Internal Deflect
Holy White\nElephant With 6 Tusks
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: If this technique isn't Sealed, this effect will be increased by 1 layer whenever the user receives a Weak Point, External Injury, Fatal Wound, or Daze marker; When layers of this effect reach 4, this technique will become immune to being Sealed, Interrupted, or Resolved; When layers of this effect reach 8, the user will become undefeatable, and layers of this effect will automatically increase over time; When layers of this effect reach 12, all layers of this effect will be consumed to remove half of the Weak Points, External Injury, Fatal Wound, and Daze markers from the user
Swordsmanship\nof Arhat
Reduce Your Weapon Cooldown
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, switch cooldown of user's weapons will be reduced by 50%. If the weapon held by the user is a "Sword" and can be switched to a "Blade", the user immediately switched to a "Blade" and gains 1 "attack token"
Swordsmanship\nof Pudu
Detention of defeated enemies
When defeating an enemy in a deadly fight with this technique, if the enemy has become evil but not demonized, reduce the enemy's degree of demonization and imprison the enemy
Swordsmanship\nof Seventy Two Rages
Whenever the weapon used by the user switches from a weapon other than "Sword" to a "Sword", if the enemy is within the attack range of this technique, the user will immediately perform this technique to attack the enemy without consumption from 50% of the execution progress.
Great Mercy\nSword
Manjushri's Great\nWisdom Sword
When you start performing this technique, the more weapons you have that are not "Swords" but can perform this technique, the more the power and range of this technique will increase.
Skanda's Evil\nSubduing Sword
When this technique fails to reach $0$0% completion, user advances 2 distances and then, if the enemy is still within the user's attack range, user will immediately perform another "Blade Technique" of a tier not exceeding this technique from 50% of its progress without any consumption
Swordsmanship\nof Supreme Bodhi
Reversal is less powerful
This technique cannot be reflected; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: When user performs a "Break" technique, any power debuff affecting that technique will be temporarily doubled and changed into a power buff
Swordsmanship\nof Dharma
Based on completion percentage of this technique and the amount of Stance consumed by the user, user will gain up to 200 layers of this effect: When user performs a "Break" technique, layers of this effect will replace the Inhale consumption, and the more layers get consumed, the more user's Ext. and Int. Penetration will be increased.
Blade of\nTrigrams And Elements
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, switch cooldown of user's weapons will be reduced by 50%. If the weapon held by the user is a "Blade" and can be switched to a "Sword", the user immediately switched to a "Sword" and gains 1 "attack token"
Blade of\n6 Directions
Based on completion percentage of this technique, user receives a buff that increases Maximum Attack Range
Tiger Step\n8 Poles Blade
Whenever the weapon used by the user switches from a weapon other than a "Blade" to a "Blade", if the enemy is within the attack range of this technique, the user will immediately perform this technique to attack the enemy without consumption from 50% of the execution progress.
Taiyi\nGolden Blade
Blade of 7 Star
When you start performing this technique, the more weapons the user has that are not "Blades" but can perform this technique, the more the power and range of this technique will increase.
Blade of Endless
When this technique fails to reach $0$0% completion, user retreats 2 distances and then, if the enemy is still within the user's attack range, user will immediately perform another "Sword Technique" of a tier not exceeding this technique from 50% of its progress without any consumption
Heavenly Spirit\nBlade
When you attack enemy with this technique, if enemy's dominant internal element is "Water" or "Fire", it will eliminate enemy's "Aegis" and "Quick" techniques, and reduce the continuous effect of 3 "Break" techniques of the enemy to 0 layers
Divine Blade\nof Mysterious
Based on completion percentage of this technique and the amount of Inhale consumed by the user, user will gain up to 200 layers of this effect: When user performs a "Break" technique, layers of this effect will replace the Stance consumption, and the more layers get consumed, the more user's Ext. and Int. Penetration will be increased.
Reverse -  Zen Meditation
Reduces the usage requirements of "Shaolin" techniques by 20%
Reverse -  Arhat Meditation
Reduces the Inhale and Stance cost of user's "Metal" techniques
Reverse -  Heart Qi Mixing Technique
When the user's internal element is "Metal", direct damage and backlash damage dealt to the user by the "Fire" techniques will be reduced.
Reverse -  Colorless Zen technique
Greatly increases "Willpower" limit. Breath given by "Willpower" will be greatly increased based on user's purity.
Reverse -  Bodhicitta Practice
Converts user's "Wood" internal element into "Metal" internal element. The higher the conversion ratio, the more the power of user's "Metal" techniques will be increased; If user's "Wood" internal element is at 0%, user will not receive critical hits from "Wood" or "Metal" techniques
Reverse - Za-A-Han\nScripture
Damage Can't Be Reduced
User's "Hunyuan" techniques will also be considered to be "Metal" techniques; When using "Metal" Break techniques, user can click to randomly consume from 5 to 15 points of "Aegis" True Qi to make direct damage dealt by a technique not be reduced for any reason.
Reverse - Divine Scripture/nOf Arhat
The higher the user's "Buddhism" attainment, the more Poison the user can remove by using "Detox" in battle.
Reverse -  Ease of the Tendon
Reducing the enemy's Aegis real qi
At the start of the battle, the enemy's and their teammates' "Aegis" True Qi will be reduced significantly; The amount of "Aegis" True Qi gained by the enemy during the battle will be reduced greatly; The amount of "Aegis" True Qi lost by the enemy during the battle will be increased greatly
Reverse -  Marrow Washing Sutra
Increase All True Qi
At the start of the battle, all True Qi of the user will increase to 2 times of their initial value. All Fatal Wound damage except for External taken by the user will be doubled; If the user is a virgin male, the power of all of the user's techniques will be increased, and user will always have a youthful appearance.
Reverse -  Dantian Opening and Closing Gong
Reduces the usage requirements of "Emei Sect" techniques by 20%
Reverse -  Emei Twelve Piles
The higher the user's "Wood" internal element, the more the user's External and Internal Penetration will be increased, by up to 20%. (Bonus = 0.2 * [elemental value])
Reverse -  Innate One Element Qigong
User's "Wood" techniques will deal more direct damage and backlash damage to characters whose internal element is "Metal"
Reverse -  Spiritual Enlightenment
Reduce Technique Power
Whenever the user obtains a usable style, there's a very low chance that the power of all of the enemy's techniques will reduce until the end of the battle
Reverse -  Lotus Tai Xuan technique
Converts user's "Metal" internal element into "Wood" internal element. The higher the conversion ratio, the more the power of user's "Wood" techniques will be increased; If user's "Metal" internal element is at 0%, user will not receive critical hits from "Metal" or "Wood" techniques
Reversal-Pu Yin Xin Jing
The higher the user's "Wood" internal element, the more the user's Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath will be increased, by up to 20%. (Bonus = 0.2 * [elemental value])
Reverse -  Sitting-in-Oblivion
Greatly reduces the Inhale and Stance cost of user's "Wood" techniques; While performing any "Wood" technique, user can click to consume a min. of 5 and a max. of 15 points of the user's "Quick" True Qi to greatly increase the power of the performed "Wood" technique.
Reversal of the Great Nirvana Law
The lower the "Fame" of all the previous lives of the user, the more the power of all user's techniques will increase; If the user has a negative trait from the Wandering Monk aspiration, the effect of this technique will always be at its maximum.
Reverse -  Copper acupuncture point chart
Reduces the usage requirements of "Hundred Flowers Valley" techniques by 20%
Reverse - Nine Needles and Twelve Source Points
Reduce Enemy Healing Speed
Greatly reduce enemy's "Healing" speed in battle
Reverse - Full Chapter of Jia-Yi
Greatly reduces the maximum number of Sealed Acupoints on user's body parts, but if the user has 3 or more Sealed Acupoints, the direct Internal damage dealt by the user will be reduced
Reverse - Spiritual Pivot
Reduce Enemy Healing Effect
Greatly reduces the number of Injuries enemy's "Healing" will remove in battle
Reverse - Meridian Enhancement
Whenever the user removes Injuries using "Healing" in battle, the user will receive a buff that increases user's Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath. The more Injuries get removed, the stronger the buff will be
Reverse - Ultra Harmony of Wudang
Reduces the usage requirements of "Wudang Sect" techniques by 20%
Reverse - Vitality Retaining
Reduces the Inhale and Stance cost of user's "Fire" techniques
Reverse - Horizontal Feet
When the user only consumes Stance, an equal amount of Inhale will be restored.
Reverse - Celestial Pillar Holding
Converts user's "Water" internal element into "Fire" internal element. The higher the conversion ratio, the more the power of user's "Fire" techniques will be increased; If user's "Water" internal element is at 0%, user will not receive critical hits from "Water" or "Fire" techniques
Reversal - Golden Sutra of Marrow-Regen
The higher the user's "Fire" internal element, the more the user's Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath will be increased, by up to 20%. (Bonus = 0.2 * [elemental value])
Reverse - Wudang Mixed Element
If the enemy's attack includes both External and Internal damage, the Internal damage user receives will be reduced by 60%
Reverse - Divine One
The higher the user's "Taoism" attainment, the more Poison the user can remove by using "Detox" in battle
Reverse - Boundless Pure Yang
When the user's internal element is "Metal", user will be able to perform techniques even if a required body part is broken, but the power of the techniques performed this way will be reduced; When user gets attacked by a "Fire", "Metal", or "Wood" technique, Deflect will work on them, and if the user's Deflect is not broken by the enemy's Break technique, the enemy will suffer backlash damage from their technique
Reverse -  exhale and clear method
Reduces the usage requirements of "Yuanshan Sect" techniques by 20%
Reverse -  Xiao Yuan Shan Jin
The higher the user's "Earth" internal element, the more the user's External and Internal Penetration will be increased, by up to 20%. (Bonus = 0.2 * [elemental value])
Reverse -  Daewonsanjin
User's "Earth" techniques will deal more direct damage and backlash damage to characters whose internal element is "Wood"
Reverse -  No Mind Tricks
Converts user's "Wood" internal element into "Earth" internal element. The higher the conversion ratio, the more the power of user's "Earth" techniques will be increased; If user's "Wood" internal element is at 0%, user will not receive critical hits from "Wood" or "Earth" techniques
Reverse -  Hunyuan WuXiangGong
User's "Hunyuan" techniques will also be considered to be "Earth" techniques; When using "Earth" Break techniques, user can click to randomly consume from 5 to 15 points of "Nadis" True Qi to make direct damage dealt by a technique not be reduced for any reason.
Reverse -  seal gas fixation method
Reduces the usage requirements of "Lion-Face Clan" techniques by 20%
Reverse -  Thirteen Tai Bao cross practice
When the user continuously attacks the enemy with the same technique in this battle, the damage dealt by the user will be increased each time, up to a maximum of 3 times.
Reverse -  Iron Tripod Golden Body Technique
Greatly reduces the maximum number of Weak Points on user's body parts, but if the user has 3 or more Weak Points, the direct External damage dealt by the user will be reduced
Reverse -  Light Lion Power
Greatly increases "Strength" limit. Might given by "Strength" will be greatly increased based on user's purity.
Reverse - Develop Ambition
Reduces the usage requirements of "Ranshan Sect" techniques by 20%
Reverse - Whirling Circle
When the user's standpoint is "Even", power of all of their techniques will be increased by 10%; When the user and the enemy have opposing standpoints, the power of all the user's techniques will be increased
Reverse - True Will Cultivation
When the user's internal element is "Wood", direct damage and backlash damage dealt to the user by the "Metal" techniques will be reduced.
Reverse - Focus Thought
Greatly increases "Comprehension" limit. Finesse given by "Comprehension" will be greatly increased based on user's purity.
Reverse - Activate Energy
The power of all the user's techniques will continuously increase after every battle, stacking up to 5 times. Every month, this increased power will be greatly reduced.
Reverse - Efficiency Gains
User's "Hunyuan" techniques will also be considered to be "Wood" techniques; When using "Wood" Break techniques, user can click to randomly consume from 5 to 15 points of "Nadis" True Qi to make direct damage dealt by a technique not be reduced for any reason.
Reverse - Diffuse Momentum
When the user's internal element is "Wood", user will be able to perform techniques even if a required body part is broken, but the power of the techniques performed this way will be reduced; When user gets attacked by a "Wood", "Earth", or "Water" technique, Deflect will work on them, and if the user's Deflect is not broken by the enemy's Break technique, the enemy will suffer backlash damage from their technique
Reverse - Ingenious Mysterious
Reducing the enemy's Nadis
At the start of the battle, the enemy's and their teammates' "Nadis" True Qi will be reduced significantly; The amount of "Nadis" True Qi gained by the enemy during the battle will be reduced greatly; The amount of "Nadis" True Qi lost by the enemy during the battle will be increased greatly
Reversal - Xuan Nui Heart Skill
Reduces the usage requirements of "Xuannyu Sect" techniques by 20%
Reverse -  Jade Bone
The higher the user's "Water" internal element, the more the user's External and Internal Penetration will be increased, by up to 20%. (Bonus = 0.2 * [elemental value])
Reverse - Moon Drive Cultivation
User's "Water" techniques will deal more direct damage and backlash damage to characters whose internal element is "Earth"
Reverse - Jade Mirror of Yin
Greatly increases "Vitality" limit. Internal Penetration given by "Vitality" will be greatly increased based on user's purity.
Reverse - Xihua Scripture
The higher the user's "Water" internal element, the more the user's Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath will be increased, by up to 20%. (Bonus = 0.2 * [elemental value])
Reverse - Holy Princess
Converts user's "Fire" internal element into "Water" internal element. The higher the conversion ratio, the more the power of user's "Water" techniques will be increased; If user's "Fire" internal element is at 0%, user will not receive critical hits from "Fire" or "Water" techniques
Reverse - Nimbus Shower
Greatly reduces the Inhale and Stance cost of user's "Water" techniques; While performing any "Water" technique, user can click to consume a min. of 5 and a max. of 15 points of the user's "Quick" True Qi to greatly increase the power of the performed "Water" technique.
Reverse - Supreme Goddess Cultivation
Reduce Enemy Quick True Qi
At the start of the battle, the enemy's and their teammates' "Quick" True Qi will be reduced significantly; The amount of "Quick" True Qi gained by the enemy during the battle will be reduced greatly; The amount of "Quick" True Qi lost by the enemy during the battle will be increased greatly
Reverse - Moon Jade
At the start of the battle, all True Qi of the user will increase to 2 times of their initial value. All Fatal Wound damage except for Internal taken by the user will be doubled; If the user is a virgin female, the power of all of the user's techniques will be increased, and user will always have a youthful appearance.
Reverse -  Burnt stone hammer forging
Reduces the usage requirements of "Sword Manor" techniques by 20%
Reverse- manifesting the Shi Nai service
Reduces the usage requirements of "Armor"
Reverse - Chap. 5 Metals
When the user's internal element is "Fire", direct damage and backlash damage dealt to the user by the "Water" techniques will be reduced.
Reverse -  A Thousand Hammers
The more times the user's current "Weapon" is Refined, the more damage user will deal to the enemy
Reverse -  sacrifice the soul to create a powerful chapter
Reduces the usage requirements of "Weapons"
Reversal - Essentials of Giftedness
Reduces the usage requirements of "Kongsang Sect" techniques by 20%
Reverse -  Shennong Ben Cao Secret
Reduce the speed of the enemy to drive away the poison
Reducing the effect of enemy and expelling poison
Reduces the speed of the enemy's "Healing" and "Detoxing" in battle; Reduces the number of Injuries and the amount of Poison the enemy can remove by using "Healing" and "Detoxing" in battle
Reverse - Medical Treatment
The higher the sum of tiers of the 5 highest-tiered currently consumed medicines of the user, the more damage the user will deal to the enemy.
Reverse -  Jiaojiao four methods
Greatly increases "Constitution" limit. External Penetration given by "Constitution" will be greatly increased based on user's purity.
Reverse - 9 Tripots Cultivation
The shorter the remaining lifespan of the user (in years), the more the power of the user's techniques will increase, by up to 40%.
Reverse -  Vajra Four Karmas
Reduces the usage requirements of "Vajrayana" techniques by 20%
Reverse -  Toom technique
The higher the user's "Metal" internal element, the more the user's External and Internal Penetration will be increased, by up to 20%. (Bonus = 0.2 * [elemental value])
Reverse -  Three Secret Response Method
User's "Metal" techniques will deal more direct damage and backlash damage to characters whose internal element is "Fire"
Reverse -  Baobao Qi Gong Method
The more true qi types an enemy has below its true qi limit, the more the power of all the techniques of the applicator increases
Reverse -  Vajra Dzogchen
The higher the user's "Metal" internal element, the more the user's Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath will be increased, by up to 20%. (Bonus = 0.2 * [elemental value])
Reverse -  Daishonin Sutra
Converts user's "Fire" internal element into "Metal" internal element. The higher the conversion ratio, the more the power of user's "Metal" techniques will be increased; If user's "Fire" internal element is at 0%, user will not receive critical hits from "Fire" or "Metal" techniques
Reverse -  Vajradhara Sutra
Greatly reduces the Inhale and Stance cost of user's "Metal" techniques; While performing any "Metal" technique, user can click to consume a min. of 5 and a max. of 15 points of the user's "Aegis" True Qi to greatly increase the power of the performed "Metal" technique.
Reverse -  Mahakala Guardianship
If the total number of user's defeat markers exceeds half of the defeat condition, the amount of True Qi lost by the user will be greatly reduced, and the user won't receive Sealed Acupoints.
Reverse -  Supreme Yoga Method
When the user's internal element is "Metal", user will be able to perform techniques even if a required body part is broken, but the power of the techniques performed this way will be reduced; When user gets attacked by a "Metal", "Wood", or "Earth" technique, Deflect will work on them, and if the user's Deflect is not broken by the enemy's Break technique, the enemy will suffer backlash damage from their technique
Reverse -  Poisoning Technique
Reduces the usage requirements of "Five Immortals Cult" techniques by 20%
Reverse -  Huang Xianfa
Significantly reduces the speed of enemy "Detox" in combat
Reverse -  Red Immortal Law
Reduces the Inhale and Stance cost of user's "Wood" techniques
Reverse -  Black Fairy Law
Significantly reduces the amount of toxins that can be dispelled when an enemy performs "Detox" in battle
Reverse -  Green Immortal Law
Converts user's "Earth" internal element into "Wood" internal element. The higher the conversion ratio, the more the power of user's "Wood" techniques will be increased; If user's "Earth" internal element is at 0%, user will not receive critical hits from "Earth" or "Wood" techniques
Reverse -  Spirituality
When the user removes toxins with "Detox" in battle, the user will be given a buff which enhances the user's Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath. The more toxins removed, the stronger the effect.
Reverse -  Hundred Evil Body Technique
The more positive "Traits" the enemy has, the more the power of all enemy techniques will be reduced
Reverse -  JieQing Four Elephant Chart
Reduces the usage requirements of "Jieqing Gate" techniques by 20%
Reverse - Heaven Meditation
Reduces the Inhale and Stance cost of user's "Water" techniques
Reverse -  The Twelve Scrolls of the Eastern Wall
When the user's internal element is "Water", direct damage and backlash damage dealt to the user by the "Earth" techniques will be reduced.
Reverse -  Bu Tian Ge
Greatly reduces "Agility" consumption
Reverse -  Xuan Hei Zhen Jing
Converts user's "Earth" internal element into "Water" internal element. The higher the conversion ratio, the more the power of user's "Water" techniques will be increased
Reverse -  Esi Legacy
Changes the effect of all "Water" techniques of the user other than "Inner Art" techniques from "Orthodox" to "Heterodox"
Reverse -  Armillary Chart
When the user's internal element is "Water", user will be able to perform techniques even if a required body part is broken, but the power of the techniques performed this way will be reduced
Reverse -  All-over fire painting method
Reduces the usage requirements of "Fulong Altar" techniques by 20%
Reverse -  Fulong Swallowing Fire technique
The higher the user's "Fire" internal element, the more the user's External and Internal Penetration will be increased, by up to 20%. (Bonus = 0.2 * [elemental value])
Reverse -  Fire True Qi
User's "Fire" techniques will deal more direct damage and backlash damage to characters whose internal element is "Water"
Reverse -  Small Yu Yang Shen Gong
Whenever enemy's Break technique causes a critical hit, 1 Weak Point, 1 Sealed Acupoint, and 1 Daze marker on the user get removed
Reverse -  Wild Dragon Swallowing Elephant technique
Converts user's "Metal" internal element into "Fire" internal element. The higher the conversion ratio, the more the power of user's "Fire" techniques will be increased; If user's "Metal" internal element is at 0%, user will not receive critical hits from "Metal" or "Fire" techniques
Reverse -  Nine Dragons to One technique
Damage Reduction Ignore
User's "Hunyuan" techniques will also be considered to be "Fire" techniques; When using "Fire" Break techniques, user can click to randomly consume from 5 to 15 points of "Break" True Qi to make direct damage dealt by a technique not be reduced for any reason.
Reverse -  Into the Magic technique
The more Fatal Wound markers the user has, the more direct damage user will deal to the enemy
Reverse -  Great Yu Yang Shen Gong
Greatly reduces the Inhale and Stance cost of user's "Fire" techniques; While performing any "Fire" technique, user can click to consume a min. of 5 and a max. of 15 points of the user's "Nadis" True Qi to greatly increase the power of the performed "Fire" technique.
Reverse -  Himalayan mother work
Reduces the usage requirements of "Bloodhound Cult" techniques by 20%
Reverse -  Black Corpse Four Tips
Reduces the Inhale and Stance cost of user's "Earth" techniques
Reverse -  Evil Ghost technique
When the user's internal element is "Earth", direct damage and backlash damage dealt to the user by the "Wood" techniques will be reduced.
Reverse -  Three Poisonous Ignorance Mantra
The more painful the "mood" of the user, the more the power of all the techniques of the user will be increased.
Reverse -  Taiyin Refining Form
Converts user's "Water" internal element into "Earth" internal element. The higher the conversion ratio, the more the power of user's "Earth" techniques will be increased; If user's "Water" internal element is at 0%, user will not receive critical hits from "Water" or "Earth" techniques
Reverse -  Five Yin Dada
The higher the user's "Earth" internal element, the more the user's Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath will be increased, by up to 20%. (Bonus = 0.2 * [elemental value])
Reverse -  Child's Blood Refining Method
Greatly reduces the Inhale and Stance cost of user's "Earth" techniques; While performing any "Earth" technique, user can click to consume a min. of 5 and a max. of 15 points of the user's "Break" True Qi to greatly increase the power of the performed "Earth" technique.
Reverse -  Blood Hollow Evil Scripture
Deflect En Break
When the user's internal element is "Earth", user will be able to perform techniques even if a required body part is broken, but the power of the techniques performed this way will be reduced; When user gets attacked by an "Earth", "Water", or "Fire" technique, Deflect will work on them, and if the user's Deflect is not broken by the enemy's Break technique, the enemy will suffer backlash damage from their technique
Reverse -  Blood Child Method
Reduce the enemy to destroy the real Qi
At the start of the battle, the enemy's and their teammates' "Break" True Qi will be reduced significantly; The amount of "Break" True Qi gained by the enemy during the battle will be reduced greatly; The amount of "Break" True Qi lost by the enemy during the battle will be increased greatly
Reverse -  Peiyang trick
Reverse - Lying Beside Tiger
When user's "Aegis" True Qi is twice as high as the enemy's "Aegis" True Qi, all direct damage dealt by the user will be increased by 15%
Reverse - 18 Rollings
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully Counters an attack, the enemy will receive a debuff that reduces Diversion, Parry, and Evasion
Reverse - Heavy Stance
Prevented from being pulled close
Decrease Enemy's Stance and Inhale
When defending with this technique, user won't be moved forward for any reason; Enemies who try to make the user move forward will lose a part of their Stance and Inhale
Reverse - Iron Skin
Int. DMG Taken Dn
When an uninjured body part of the user receives direct Internal Injuries from the enemy, the number of Injuries will be reduced by 1
Reverse - Golden Bell\nCover
When defending with this technique: All direct damage taken by the user will be reduced by 30%; Whenever the user Reflects an attack, 2 Weak Points will be inflicted on random body parts of the enemy
Reverse - Small Arhat\nRod Formation
When using "Defend" order, it will greatly increase the power of teammate's "Aegis" technique
Reverse - Buddhism\nLion Roar
Whenever the user actively start to perform a "Break" technique, if the enemy is within the user's Attack Range, enemy's Inhale and Stance will be completely removed
Reverse - Hunyuan\nBreathing
Increase internal injury reflect
When defending with this technique, as long as the attacked body part of the user doesn't have Sealed Acupoints, the Internal Reflect of this technique will be greatly increased
Reverse - Vajra Defence
Improving external injury reflect
When defending with this technique, as long as the attacked body part of the user doesn't have Weak Points, the External Reflect of this technique will be greatly increased
Reverse - Emei Tiger Step
When user's "Quick" True Qi is twice as high as the enemy's "Quick" True Qi, all direct damage dealt by the user will be increased by 15%
Reverse - Unintentional Mind
Prevent Style Loss
Whenever the user loses usable styles, there's a chance that the user will lose 1 less of that style
Reverse - Multifarious
If the user possesses 3 or more different types of usable styles, user's Diversion, Parry, Evasion, and Focus will increase
Reverse - Boneless Stance
Deplete Enemy's Styles
When defending with this technique, whenever the user Resolves an attack using Evasion, the enemy loses 2 random usable styles
Reverse - Quiet Return In One
E·Inhale Dn
Whenever the user Resolves a non-follow-up attack, enemy's Inhale will be reduced and the user will gain 1 random usable style
Reverse - 4 Images of Lotus Formation
When using "Heal" or "Detox" orders, they will heal more Injuries and detox more Poison
Reverse - Immortal Yang's Golden Body
When defending with this technique, the more usable styles the user possesses, the more Reflect damage the user will deal
Reverse - Seven-Star Cross Chain
Inhale Cost Dn
If the user possesses 7 or more usable styles, all "Break" techniques actively performed by the user will only consume 50% of Inhale, and will have an increased cast progress. The more Inhale doesn't get consumed, the more the cast progress of "Break" techniques will increase
Reverse - Holy Light Inspiration
When defending with this technique: Whenever the user successfully Counters an attack, the user gains 3 random usable styles and removes 2 Impairment markers
Reverse - Thirty-Six Needle\nHolding Art
Reduce Enemy's Style Change Accuracy
Reduces the critical chance, Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath of enemy's "Style Change" attacks
Reverse - Net Clothes
Increases the number of actions required for Poison to activate on the user
Reverse - Herb Moxibustion
Whenever the user hits an enemy with a Style Change, there's a chance that Injury markers on 1 random body part of the enemy will worsen
Reverse - Mixed Needle
Whenever the user inflicts a Sealed Acupoint to the enemy, 1 additional Sealed Acupoint will be created on another random body part of the enemy
Reverse - Yinyang Reverse
Buff to Debuff
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully Counters an attack, 1 buff on the enemy will change into a debuff
Reverse - Twelve Meridians\nShift
Shift Your Sealed Acupoints
When defending with this technique, Sealed Acupoints on the user will be unsealed faster. Whenever the enemy inflicts a Sealed Acupoint on the user, it will inflict a Sealed Acupoint on the enemy instead
Reverse - Eight Gates of\nLife and Death
Whenever the enemy receives an Injury marker from the user, the Injury markers on 1 other random body part of the enemy with fewer Injury markers will worsen
Reverse - Blood Sea\nFreezing Art
When defending with this technique: Umbritoxin, Cryotoxin and Oneirotoxin on the user won't activate; User can Reflect Umbritoxin, Cryotoxin and Oneirotoxin; At the end of defending with this technique, based on how much Umbritoxin, Cryotoxin and Oneirotoxin the user received during this technique, the user will receive a buff that increases Internal Defense, and remove all the Umbritoxin, Cryotoxin and Oneirotoxin received during this technique
Reverse - Flawless Jade Art
When defending with this technique, if the number of direct Injury markers dealt by the enemy to the user isn't higher than the current number of Injury markers on the user's attacked body part, the damage will be ignored
Reverse - Wudang's\nIron Shirt
Average Pen.
When defending with this technique: All direct damage received by the user is reduced by 15%; The user resists enemy attacks with the average value of the enemy's External and Internal Penetration
Reverse - Three Talents\nSword Formation
When using "Mend" or "Release" orders, they will remove more Weak Points and Sealed Acupoints
Reverse - Cloud Bed
Raising the Qi draw-off
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully Counters a weapon attack, a buff that increases Int. Recovery. will be applied to the user
Reverse - Yinyang Recycle
Causes internal disorders
Change Enemy Ext. Ratio
If the enemy's Qi Disorder is higher than the user's, External Ratio of all enemy techniques will increase according to the External Ratio of this technique; Whenever user's "Break" techniques reach 100% completion, enemy's Qi Disorder will be increased.
Reverse - 5 Qi In One
When defending with this technique, enemy's True Qi gained in battle will rapidly decrease until it reaches the initial value
Reverse - True Art Demon Slaying
When using "True Qi" order, it will transfer more True Qi to the user
Reverse - Endless Power
When defending with this technique: As long as the enemy attack isn't a critical hit, even if the user fails to Resolve enemy's weapon attack, user will still be able to Counter; Whenever the user successfully Resolves and Counters enemy's weapon attack, enemy's Inhale gets fully depleted, and the more Inhale gets depleted, the more the damage of user's Counter will increase.
Reverse - 3 Flower On Top
If all True Qi of the user isn't lower than its initial value, the power of this technique will continuously increase, up to 2 times higher than the original power of this technique. If not, the power of this technique will be halved and its power won't increase; When power of this technique isn't lower than 100%, the power of all techniques performed by the enemy will be reduced by a portion of this technique's power.
Reverse - 9 Rollings
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully counters an enemy's weapon attack, the enemy's Footwork and Stamina will be lost
Reverse - Sword Or Blade
Gain Style Change Progress
Whenever the user switches to a different weapon type, the more "attack tokens" the switched weapon requires to attack, the more user's Style Change charge progress will increase
Reverse - Yuanshan Killing Formation
When using "Attack" order, it will greatly increase the Ext. Pen., Int. Pen., Might, Finesse, Swiftness, and Breath of teammate's attack
Reverse - Golden Blade Fist
Restore Your Deflect
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully Counters an enemy attack, user's "attack tokens" get increased, and if the user's "attack tokens" were already full before this increase occurs, user's Deflect will be immediately restored
Reverse - Sakyamuni Elephant Toss
Whenever the user switches weapons, the lighter the weapon, the higher the user's chance to get 1 attack token, and to increase damage and preparation time of the next weapon attack
Reverse - Profound Divination Law
The more "Throw" styles the user has, the more the user's Diversion will increase; The more "Stab" styles the user has, the more the user's Evasion will increase; The more "Slash" styles the user has, the more the user's Parry will increase
Reverse - Ultra Alpha Reflection
No access to true qi
When defending with this technique: the enemy cannot gain true qi; if the enemy can lose true qi and will gain it, the enemy's true qi will instead be decreased by twice of what should've been gained.
Reverse - Iron Head of\nLion Face
When defending with this technique, any attack by the enemy to the Head of the user that wouldn't cause more than 3 Internal injuries is ignored
Reverse - Comrade Service
Whenever the enemy inflicts an injury or a Fatal Wound on the user with direct damage, the enemy's Stamina will be depleted
Reverse -  Lose Rigidity to\nGain Flexibility
When defending with this technique, if the enemy's attack includes both External and Internal damage, and the proportion of External damage is higher than Internal damage, the user takes 40% less direct External damage, and 20% more direct Internal damage.
Reverse - Overlord's\nTripod Lifting
The heavier the weapon of the user, the more direct damage the enemy inflicts on the user will be reduced.
Reverse - Lion Roar
When the battle starts and also when the total number of defeat marks of the user exceeds half of the defeat condition, all of the enemy's Inhale and Stance are removed
Reverse - Overlord's Armor Absorb
When defending with this technique, whenever an enemy inflicts an injury or a Fatal Wound with direct damage on the user, both the enemy's and the user's "Break" True Qi will be lowered according to the number of injuries inflicted by the enemy, and the user's lost "Break" True Qi will be changed into "Aegis" True Qi
Reverse - 5 Ghosts Handling
Exchange of External Penetration Internal Defense
When defending with this technique, if the user's Internal Defense is lower than the enemy's External Penetration, the Internal Defense and External Penetration of the user and the enemy will be temporarily exchanged.
Reverse - Vision Enhanced
When the distance between the user and the enemy is higher than 3, the farther the user is from the enemy, the more the user's Diversion, Parry, Evasion, and Focus will increase
Reverse - Yinyang Eye
Whenever the user starts to perform a technique, the higher the enemy's Cast Speed is compared to the user's Cast Speed, the more the enemy's Cast Speed will be reduced
Reverse - Great Art of\nSoul Absorption
When defending with this technique: If the user gains a Daze marker, the enemy will also gain 1 Daze marker, and if the user's Breath is higher than the enemy's Focus, a random technique of the enemy will become Sealed for a very long period of time. In a battle, each skill can be Sealed by the Great Art of Soul Absorption only 1 time
Reverse - 6 Men 6 Armors\nFormation
When using "Swap" or "Restrain" orders, their duration will be greatly increased
Reverse - Big Dipper\nIncantation
When defending with this technique, the direct damage dealt by the enemy to the user with Orthodox techniques will be greatly reduced
Reverse - Elephant Imitation
Diverting enemy gain
When defending with this technique: All direct damage taken by the user is reduced by 45%; Whenever the user Reflects an enemy attack, 1 buff is transferred from the enemy to the user
Reverse - Myriad Changes\nRewind
When defending with this technique, all weapon attacks of the enemy will be Resolved by the user unless it's a critical hit. If the user successfully Counters an enemy attack, the enemy will lose 1 point of True Qi that is above its initial value; At the end of this technique, it will always be "Sealed" for a long period of time
Reverse - Pure Virgin
The higher the user's Charm, the more the user's Focus will increase.
Reverse - Reclamation\nStance
Applying a mind marker
When defending with this technique, whenever the user Resolves an attack using Evasion, the user applies 1 Daze marker to the enemy
Reverse - Dark Jade Practice
Greatly increases the duration of Daze markers on the enemy
Reverse - Scattered Flowers\nFormation
When using "Push" or "Pull" orders, they will push or pull the user farther
Reverse - Immortal Beauty\nDress Art
Greatly reduces the duration of enemy's "Quick" techniques
Reverse - Mirrored Flowers\nReflected Moon
When defending with this technique, the more Daze markers the enemy has, the higher the chance that the user will directly Resolve enemy attacks
Reverse - Nuwa's\nHeaven-Mending
When defending with this technique: If the total number of defeat markers sustained by the user reaches the defeat condition, the user will not be defeated; If at the end of this technique the total number of defeat markers sustained by the user reaches the defeat condition, user's Internal Injury markers will return to the number the user had at the start of this technique
Reverse - Skillful Hands
When the user is equipped with 3 different types of weapons, the movement speed of the user is increased.
Reverse - Wooden Armor
Increase Armor TOU
When defending with this technique: all direct damage taken by the user is reduced by 15%; If enemy weapon's grade isn't higher than the user's armor's grade, the TOU of user's armor will be greatly increased.
Reverse - 14 Methods of Real Steel
Significantly increase the Hardness and TOU of the user's armor
Reverse - Mechanical Formation
When using "Warn" or "Guide" orders, they will increase user's Accuracy and Resolve stats more
Reverse - Heavenly Armor
When defending with this technique, If enemy weapon's grade isn't higher than the user's armor's grade, all Internal damage caused by the enemy to the user will be reduced by 60%
Reverse - Exquisite 9
When defending with this technique, whenever the user defuses a non-chasing attack from the enemy, one undamaged treasure on the user's body will be randomly driven to consume 1 point of durability and reduce the enemy's true qi according to the treasure's rank: gold and iron treasures reduce "Break" true qi; jade treasures reduce "Aegis" true qi; wooden treasures reduce "Quick" true qi; brocade treasures reduce "Nadis" true qi
Reverse - Forge Mysterious Iron
Armor becomes divine armor
When the total number of defeat marks of the user exceeds half of the defeat condition, the Armor currently worn by the user will be temporarily changed to "Divine Armor": "Divine Armor" cannot be removed; "Divine Armor" will not be damaged unless it is damaged by the attack of "Divine Armor"; all direct damage resisted by "Divine Armor" cannot be increased by any effect unless the enemy attacks or performs a technique with "Divine Armor".
Reverse - 4 Finger Azure Cream
When user's "Nadis" True Qi is twice as high as the enemy's "Nadis" True Qi, all direct damage dealt by the user will be increased by 15%
Reverse - 3 Parts 9 Pulses
When the distance between the user and the enemy is less than 5, the closer the user is to the enemy, the more the user's Diversion, Parry, Evasion, and Focus will increase.
Reverse - Visceral Anatomy
Increase direct internal injuries
User's Internal damage to uninjured body parts of the enemy is increased by 45%
Reverse - Anti-Poisoning
Return Poison to the Enemy
When defending with this technique: User is immune to all direct poison; Poisons applied to user by the enemy are instead applied on the enemy.
Reverse - Meridian Benzoin
Whenever user inflicts an Injury, Poison, or Fatal Wound marker on the enemy with direct damage, enemy loses 5 points of a random True Qi
Reverse - Blood Transfusion
Reduce Poison Activation Requirements
Reduces the number of actions required for Poison to activate on the enemy
Reverse - White Water\nLongevity Art
Whenever Poison activates on the user, user gains "Nadis" True Qi equal to 2 times the number of Poison markers that activated, and reduces user's newly inflicted Qi Disorder
Reverse - Young Dragon's\nBone Regrowth Art
When defending with this technique: If the total number of defeat markers sustained by the user reaches the defeat condition, user will not be defeated; All Internal Injuries of the user will quickly heal by themselves over time; When this technique ends, it removes 6 Fatal Wounds from the user.
Reverse - 9-Colored\nJade Cicada Art
When the total number of defeat markers sustained by the user reaches the defeat condition, user will immediately consume 9 points of "Nadis" True Qi to remove all Injury, Impairment, and Fatal Wound markers; Every time this effect activates, it's cost goes up by 9 points, up to a maximum of 99 points.
Reverse - Go With The Flow
Whenever the enemy inflicts an Injury or Fatal Wound marker on the user with direct damage, the user gains 5 points of a random True Qi, or loses 3 points of a random True Qi, as well as 1 unusable Style. If the user loses True Qi from this technique, the next time it works, the user will be guaranteed to gain True Qi from it.
Reverse - Take The Pulse
Lowering the enemy's Inhale Recovery
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully Counters an attack, the enemy will receive a debuff that reduces Inhale Recovery
Reverse - Muscle and Bone Displacement Art
Enhancement of chest and abdominal defense
When defending with this technique, the Chest and Waist of the user will not receive Weak Points, Sealed Acupoints, or critical hits, and enemy attacks targeting the Chest or Waist of the user will be more easily Resolved.
Reverse - 7 Wheel Induction
Strengthen Enemy Debuff
When the enemy receives a debuff, its initial strength will be doubled, and an additional debuff that slowly reduces random types of True Qi will be applied; Whenever enemy's debuff becomes stronger, the additional debuff also becomes stronger.
Reverse - Mandala Mantra
When defending with this technique: All direct damage taken by the user is reduced by 30%; Whenever the user Reflects an enemy attack, for every 1 Injury marker inflicted to the enemy by the Reflect, the user will gain 5 points of "Break" True Qi.
Reverse - Vidya-Raja Fire
When defending with this technique, whenever the user blocks an enemy attack with Diversion, the user applies a large amount of "Level 2" Umbritoxin to the enemy.
Reverse - The Great Handprint
As long as the enemy has more True Qi in total than the user does, the enemy cannot have more than 4 usable Styles; If the enemy already had more than 4 usable Styles, all usable Styles above 4 will be eliminated, and the enemy will gain 5 points of a random True Qi for each Style eliminated this way.
Reverse - Buddha Body
When defending with this technique: As long as the user isn't attacked by a critical hit, the user will be immune to Fatal Wound damage; For every 3 points of "Aegis" True Qi the user can remove 1 Impairment marker from themselves, but the Internal Breath of the user will be increased as a result.
Reverse - Lost Worm Incense
Reduce Poison Production
The user continuously obtains Gu Charges in battle. The higher the user's Toxicology skill, the faster the Gu Charges will be obtained, up to a maximum of 90 Gu Charges; The more Gu Charges the user has, the less poison will be produced by poison activations on the user.
Reverse - Disgusting Miasma
When defending with this technique, if the total sum of the user's Breath and Focus isn't lower than the total sum of the enemy's Breath and Focus, and the distance between the user and the enemy isn't less than 7, the enemy's Qi Disorder will continuously increase.
Reverse - Ruby 9 Worms
The more poison markers the user has, the more direct damage the user deals to the enemy.
Reverse - Insanity Spell
Transfer Enemy Gu
When defending with this technique: the user will not be implanted with a Gu by the enemy; Whenever the user successfully Counters an enemy's weapon attack, a random Gu that has just been implanted to the enemy will be implanted to the user, changing into a tamed Gu. If the user cannot be implanted or has already been implanted with that premature Gu, the Gu will die.
Reverse - Blood Dolls
E·Int.Pen. DN
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully Counters an attack, the enemy receives a special "Blood Dolls" debuff, which reduces enemy's Internal Penetration and causes the next Internal Injury the user receives to be received by the enemy instead
Reverse - Ghost Breath
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully counters an enemy's weapon attack, the user applies a large amount of "Level 2" Oneirotoxin to the enemy.
Reverse - Silkworm Insanity
For each type of Gu applied to the user, the user's random type of true qi will continue to increase by 1 point.
Reverse - Ghost Included
When defending with this technique, All direct damage taken by the user other than critical hits is reduced by 60%; Whenever the user Resolves an enemy attack that isn't a follow-up attack, for every 2 Daze markers the enemy has, 1 serious Sealed Acupoint will appear on a random body part of the enemy. If the enemy doesn't have any Daze markers, the user applies 2 Daze markers to the enemy.
Reverse - Sky Snake Bone Exchange
Invalidated by severe internal injuries
The user's Internal Injuries will disappear over time; the user will not receive Fatal Wounds unless the attacked body part already has 4 Internal Injuries.
Reverse - Sky Bridge
Remove All Weak Points
Whenever the user has a total of 7 or more Weak Points on their body, all Weak Points will be removed, and no effects from removing the Weak Points will trigger
Reverse - River God's\nMarriage
Transfer Unusable Style
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully Counters an attack, 1 unusable style of the user will be transferred to the enemy
Reverse - 6 Turn of Royal
When defending with this technique, whenever the user Resolves an attack using Evasion, the user steals 1 point of "Break" True Qi from the enemy
Reverse - 8 Veins of\nCold Ice
When defending with this technique, user's Internal Reflect damage will be increased by 30%
Reverse - Big Dipper\nStar Formation
If the user's helper can use the "push" command, the progress of the user's technique can be increased even more.
Reverse - 9 Star Eye
The more "Throw" styles the user has, the more the user's Diversion will increase; The more "Shot" styles the user has, the more the user's Evasion will increase; The more "Drive" styles the user has, the more the user's Parry will increase
Reverse - Seven Origins\nCalamity-Solving Art
When defending with this technique: The more body parts of the user are Broken, the more Reflect damage the user will deal; At the end of this technique, 3 random Injury markers on user's Broken body parts will change into Old Injuries that are more difficult to recover from
Reverse - Anger Face
When user's "Break" True Qi is twice as high as the enemy's "Break" True Qi, all direct damage dealt by the user will be increased by 15%
Reverse - Dragon Looks Back
When defending with this technique: all direct External Damage taken by the user is reduced by 30%; Whenever the user Reflects an enemy attack, the enemy loses 1 point of "Break" True Qi
Reverse - Divine Fire Cover
When defending with this technique: all direct Internal Damage taken by the user is reduced by 30%; Whenever the user Reflects an enemy attack, the enemy loses 1 point of "Aegis" True Qi
Reverse - Dragon Breakthrough
When using "Break" order, it will greatly increase the power of teammate's "Break" technique
Reverse - Thunder Bone
Reflect Ext. DMG UP
When defending with this technique, the external damage caused to the enemy by the user's Reflect is increased by 30%
Reverse - Medical Heart
The more "Punch" styles the user has, the more the user's Diversion will increase; The more "Point" styles the user has, the more the user's Evasion will increase; The more "Hold" styles the user has, the more the user's Parry will increase
Reverse - Drunk A Thousand Year
The user's chance to cause follow-up attacks on the enemy is greatly increased, and the user's chance of hitting the enemy is greatly increased. If the user is drunk, these effects are doubled.
Reverse - Cover Sky
When you start performing this technique, it forces all enemy teammates that support the enemy to leave the field; When defending with this technique, enemy teammates cannot use any assisting orders. Internal Reflect damage dealt by the user will be shared by all enemy characters. The more teammates the enemy has, the higher the shared Reflect damage will be.
Reverse - Mud Stunt
Descending the enemy to chase and Internal Penetration
When defending with this technique: all direct Internal Damage taken by the user is reduced by 30%; Int. Pen. of enemy's "follow-up" attacks will be significantly reduced.
Reverse - Chaos Qi
The more disturbed the user's internal breath is, the higher the direct internal injury caused by the user to the enemy
Reverse - Ghost Cry
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully counters an enemy's weapon attack, user's and enemy's Composure, Cleverness, Enthusiasm, Valour, and Fortitude are compared, and for each enemy's stat that is higher than the user's stat, the user will have a chance of applying a 1 Daze marker to the enemy.
Reverse - Blood Meal
Whenever the user inflicts 1 direct Internal Injury on the enemy, randomly eliminate 1 Internal Injury from user's body part with less than 4 Internal Injuries.
Reverse - The Great Spell of Soul Exchange
Transfer Injuries
When defending with this technique, whenever the user successfully Counters an enemy attack, 2 Internal Injury markers and a portion of the user's newly inflicted Qi Disorder will be transferred to the enemy
Reverse - Heart-Self Destroy Spell
Whenever the total number of defeat marks of the user's teammate exceeds half of the defeat condition, enemy will lose a large amount of True Qi depending on the amount of each True Qi of the teammate.
Reverse - 12 Blood Child Formation
The user's teammates will only be able to use the 「Sacrifice」command in battle, which let's them share a lot of Internal Injuries and Fatal Wounds of the user in battle.
Reverse - Sky Demon
When defending with this technique: all direct Internal Damage taken by the user is reduced by 60%; whenever the user Reflects an enemy attack, the user applies a large amount of "Level 2" Cryotoxin to the enemy, and at the same time worsens the Internal Injuries on all body parts of the enemy
Reverse - Undead Body of Blood Child
When the total number of defeat markers sustained by the user reaches the defeat condition, if the user's Inner Breath hasn't reached "Shattered", the user's Old Qi Disorder will start to increase continuously until it reaches "Shattered". Until then, the user cannot be defeated, the direct Internal damage dealt by the user, and direct External damage received by the user will be increased by 40%, and Inhale required to use techniques will be reduced by 50%
Reverse - Lift-Up Jumping
Reduce enemy movement speed
During this Footwork, enemy's Movement Speed will be reduced if the user uses an "Aegis" technique
Reverse - Gecko's Crawling
Reducing the power of enemy Aegis
During this Footwork, the power of enemy's "Aegis" techniques will be reduced, lasting until an "Aegis" technique is used
Reverse - Lighten Body
When retreating with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 1 distance at once. After jumping, the user will receive a buff that increases Stamina recovery speed, and Inhale and Stance Recovery
Reverse - The Great Flip
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Polearm" weapon, enemy's Stamina will be depleted.
Reverse - 9 Maps 6 Statues
Increase the power of Aegis
During this Footwork, the duration of user's "Aegis" techniques will be reduced, but the power of user's "Aegis" techniques will be increased, lasting until an "Aegis" technique is used
Reverse - Crossing River on a Reed
During this Footwork: Enemy cannot remove user's Footwork or Stamina; Enemy cannot prevent the user from moving; Enemy's Movement Speed will not be increased for any reason
Reverse - Shorten Distance
Use Evasion to Resolve
During this Footwork, as long as the enemy doesn't have effects that change the way they attack, all weapon attacks of the enemy will be Resolved by the user's Evasion value.
Reverse - White Ape's Leap
When retreating with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 1 distance at once. After jumping, the user will make a free weapon attack on the enemy that ignores Deflect
Reverse - Unpredictable
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Dagger" weapon, enemy's Stamina will be depleted.
Reverse - Lotus Displacement
During this Footwork, whenever the user retreats 1 distance, 3 unusable styles of the user will be exchanged for 3 styles usable by the user from the enemy
Reverse - Shuttle's Swift
During this Footwork, if the user has more "attack tokens" than the enemy, enemy's Attack Speed will be greatly reduced
Reverse - Moonlight Shadow
During this Footwork: Enemy's maximum number of "attack tokens" reduces by 1; Whenever the enemy attacks while having a maximum number of "attack tokens", enemy's chance of hitting the user will be greatly reduced
Reverse - Golden Fairy
When retreating with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump, up to 4 distance at once. After jumping, the user will gain a buff that will increase user's Might, Finesse, and Swiftness; The farther the user retreats, the stronger the buff will be
Reverse - Needle Lift-Up
During the duration of this technique, whenever an enemy acquires the "Hold", "Slash", or "Drive" styles, if the user can use these styles, there is a higher chance that the enemy's acquired styles will be transferred to the user.
Reverse - Shadow Surround
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Flute" weapon, enemy's Stamina will be depleted.
Reverse - Flying Needle
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Needle Box" weapon, enemy's Stamina will be depleted.
Reverse - Needle Driving
When retreating with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 2 distance at once. After jumping, the user will gain 2 Style Change charges
Reverse - Snow Step
Reduce Sealed Acupoint Level
During this Footwork, the level of Sealed Acupoints inflicted by the enemy will be reduced
Reverse - Wick of Lamp
During this Footwork, whenever an enemy attacks the user, a separate Finesse check will happen, and if the enemy fails to Resolve it, a random Injury on the enemy's body will be worsened by 1. This Finesse check becomes progressively less accurate each time it activates within the duration of this technique.
Reverse - Jade Step
When retreating with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 3 distance at once. After jumping, a random Injury on the user's body will be reduced by 2
Reverse - Flower Listen Rain
Increase Focus Debuffs
Slow Daze Lodging
During this Footwork: Enemy's Breath will not be increased by any effect; The effect of all Breath-reducing technique effects and buffs received by the enemy will be greatly increased; The progress of Lodged Daze markers being applied to the user due to the non-lodged Daze markers disappearing is halved
Reverse - 5 Steps of Plum Poling
During this Footwork, if the Accuracy stat of the enemy used to attack the user is lower than the user's Resolve stat, the enemy's chance of hitting the user is greatly reduced.
Reverse - 8 Trigrams Step
During this Footwork, if the user performs an "Aegis" technique, the enemy's Inhale Recovery will be reduced
Reverse - Cloud Surround
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Whisk" weapon, enemy's Stamina will be depleted.
Reverse - Big Dipper Step\nof Heavenly Spirit
Whenever the user moves 1 distance with this Footwork, the user gains "Quick" True Qi based on the amount of "Aegis" True Qi the user has. When this Footwork ends, the user loses all "Quick" True Qi gained from this effect. (Amount gained = 0.2 * [Aegis value])
Reverse - The One Step
Lowering the enemy's internal power play
During this Footwork: Enemy's Int. Ratio Bonus is greatly reduced; The more unevenly the Ext./Int. Ratio of the enemy's "Break" technique is split, the more the power of that technique will reduce.
Reverse - Ladder Climbing
During this Footwork, whenever the user retreats 0.5 distance, the power of all of the user's "Break" techniques will increase, up to a maximum of 6 times. If the user advances, all the accumulated power will disappear.
Reverse - Cloud Gliding
When retreating with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 3 distance at once. After jumping, the user will gain 5 points of a random True Qi, and if that True Qi is still lower than its initial value, user will gain another 15 points of that True Qi.
Reverse - Stone Poling
When using Kick Techniques in this Footwork your Accuracies will be shifted towards Might
Reverse - Tiger Stance
Kick Int. Pen. UP
The Internal Penetration of the Kick performed by the user with this Footwork is greatly increased
Reverse - Step Alone a Thousand Li
Whenever you retreat 1 distance with this Footwork, your Stamina gets restored.
Reverse - Profound BellStance
During this Footwork: Enemy cannot remove user's Footwork or Stamina; Inhale and Stance cost of user's Kick Techniques is halved; User's Kick Techniques cannot be Interrupted
Reverse - Shake Mountain
During this Footwork, whenever the user inflicts an Injury or a Fatal Wound marker on the enemy with direct damage, the enemy loses a part of their Footwork and Stamina.
Reverse - Iron Bridge
During this Footwork, when the distance between the user and the enemy is less than 7, the closer the distance between the two, the lower the chance of the enemy hitting the user.
Reverse - Chain of River-Block
During this Footwork, every time the enemy retreats 1 distance, user immediately makes a weapon attack that goes through Deflect without consumption.
Reverse - Lion's Swift
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Hand Guard" weapon, enemy's Stamina will be depleted.
Reverse - Ghost Step
Use Parry to Resolve
During this Footwork, as long as the enemy doesn't have effects that change the way they attack, all weapon attacks of the enemy will be Resolved by the user's Parry value.
Reverse - Driving Wind
Whenever the user moves 1 distance with this Footwork, enemy receives a debuff that reduces Cast Speed
Reverse - Fancy Step
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Talisman" weapon, enemy's Stamina will be depleted.
Reverse - Driving Cloud
Reduce Enemy Reflect
During this Footwork, the enemy's Reflect damage will be greatly reduced
Reverse - Fairy Footsteps
During this Footwork, whenever the enemy attacks the user, the distance between the enemy and the user will immediately increase by 2. The increased distance will be restored after the attack ends
Reverse - Divine Swift
During this Footwork: Enemy cannot remove user's Footwork or Stamina; When the distance between the user and the enemy is not greater than 7, the user doesn't consume Footwork when moving
Reverse - Above The Sky
Increase Finesse Debuffs
During this Footwork, enemy's Finesse will not be increased by any effect; Effect of all debuffs on the enemy that decrease Finesse will be greatly improved; Enemy's weapon attacks that use Finesse, as well as the Break techniques that have a Finesse part will lose critical hit chance equal to a percentage of enemy's Finesse
Reverse - Fallen Flower
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Zither" weapon, enemy's Stamina will be depleted.
Reverse - Jade Pavilion\nClimbing
Increase Your Resolves
During this Footwork, whenever the enemy attacks the user, user's Resolve stats other than Focus will be increased by a portion of the user's Focus
Reverse - Farewell Steps
During this Footwork, every time the user hits an enemy 6 times, the enemy will receive 1 Daze marker
Reverse - 8 Steps of\nSunset Gazing
During this Footwork, enemy's Cast Speed is greatly reduced
Reverse - Chang'e Flies\nto the Moon
When retreating with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 2 distance at once. After jumping, the user will gain 3 points of "Quick" True Qi
Reverse - Beauty's\nSnow Walking
During this Footwork, whenever an enemy attacks the user, a separate Breath check will happen, and if the enemy fails to Resolve it, based on the user's Charm, up to 3 available Styles of the enemy will be changed to "None" Styles. This Breath check becomes progressively less accurate each time it activates within the duration of this technique.
Reverse - Snow Goddess\nTreading Ice
Increase Swiftness Debuffs
During this Footwork, enemy's Swiftness will not be increased by any effect; Effect of all debuffs on the enemy that increase Swiftness will be greatly improved; Any "Break" technique of the enemy that has a Swiftness part will have a chance equal to half of the Swiftness part's percentage to be Sealed after use
Reverse - Luo Shen's\nWave Riding
During this Footwork, whenever the user retreats 2 distance: User's Inhale and Stance get restored, and if the user is inside of the enemy's attack range, enemy receives up to 3 Daze Markers based on the user's Charm.
Reverse - Feather Stance
When retreating with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump, up to 4 distance at once. If the user prepares to jump inside of the enemy's attack range, the farther the user retreats, the more random body parts of the enemy will receive Weak Points and Sealed Acupoints.
Reverse - Wooden Track
During this Footwork, whenever the enemy inflicts an Injury or a Fatal Wound marker on the user with direct damage, the user restores a part of their Footwork and Stamina.
Reverse - Car Driving Chapter
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Mech. Bird" weapon, enemy's Stamina will be depleted.
Reverse - All Directions
For every 0.3 distance of accumulated retreat with this Footwork, the user immediately makes 1 weapon attack on the enemy without consumption.
Reverse - Tiger Hill Test Sword
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Sword" weapon, enemy's Stamina will be depleted.
Reverse -  Stardust Fury Avoidance
Increase weapon toughness
During this Footwork, when the user attacks the enemy, if the enemy's armor grade isn't higher than the user's weapon grade, the Hardness of the user's weapon will be greatly increased
Reverse - Dragon Riding
Bodywork instead of Inhale lifting
During this Footwork: Enemy cannot remove user's Footwork or Stamina; if the user's Inhale is not enough to perform the "Break" technique, the user's Footwork can replace the user's Inhale consumption.
Reverse -  Tenkai Flow Meteor Style
Increase Diversion Debuffs
During this Footwork: the enemy's Diversion will not be increased by any effect; all techniques and debuffs that reduce the enemy's Diversion will be greatly increased
Reverse - Flying on Grass
When retreating with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 1 distance at once. After each jump, the distance moved will be increased.
Reverse - Perilous Cliff\nGathering
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Poison Pouch" weapon, enemy's Stamina will be depleted.
Reverse - Water Floating\nSteps
When using Kick Techniques with this Footwork, your Accuracies will be shifted towards Finesse
Reverse - Mount Chai's\nSkyline
While performing a Kick Technique in this Footwork, direct Internal Damage dealt by the enemy will be reduced by 60%
Reverse - Flood Dragon\nStirs Ocean
In this Footwork, when a Kick Technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user will be able to continue attacking the enemy by performing other Kick Techniques of a higher tier without any cost.
Reverse - Stone Sink
Use Diversion to Resolve
During this Footwork, as long as the enemy doesn't have effects that change the way they attack, all weapon attacks of the enemy will be Resolved by the user's Diversion value.
Reverse - Great Stability Stance
During this Footwork, whenever an enemy acquires "Punch", "Hack" or "Throw" styles, if the user can use these styles, the styles acquired by the enemy will have a higher chance of being transferred to the user.
Reverse - Vajra Stance
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Pestle" weapon, enemy's Stamina will be depleted.
Reverse - Divine Footsteps
During this Footwork: the backward speed of the user will not be reduced for any reason; the backwardness of the user will not be used as movement, but as a change in the distance between the enemy and us, and will not cause any kind of movement effect, but the speed of the user's movement will still affect the speed of the change in the distance between the enemy and us
Reverse - Snake Crawling
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Whip" weapon, enemy's Stamina will be depleted.
Reverse - Breakthrough Swamp
Prohibit moving gain
During this Footwork, the enemy's movement speed cannot be increased for any reason
Reverse - Toad Leap
When retreating with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 1 distance at once. If the user hasn't attacked before the next preparation, the amount of Footwork consumed to retreat will be continuously reduced
Reverse - Flying Head
During this Footwork, when the distance between the enemy and me is not greater than 7, the user won't receive new Weak Points or Sealed Acupoints
Reverse - Rope Overhang
Surrendering the enemy's momentum to restore
Whenever the user moves 1 distance with this Footwork, enemy receives a debuff that reduces Inhale and Stance Recovery
Reverse - Hundred Feet's Drill
Attrition of the enemy's bodywork
During this Footwork, whenever an enemy attacks the user, a separate Swiftness check will happen, and if the enemy fails to Resolve it, the remaining duration of the enemy's current "Aegis" technique will be significantly reduced. This Swiftness check becomes progressively less accurate each time it activates within the duration of this technique.
Reverse - Sky Snake Rolling
When retreating with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 3 distance at once. After jumping, the enemy will receive a debuff that reduces all Poison Resistances depending on the distance moved
Reverse - Hundred-Foot\nPoles
During this Footwork, user's minimum attack range is increased by 2
Reverse - Traceless 6 Steps
Whenever an enemy gains a "Point", "Stab", or "Shot" style during this Footwork, if the user can use these styles, there is a higher chance that the enemy's gained style will be transferred to the user.
Reverse - Carefree Step
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Hidden Weapons" weapon, enemy's Stamina will be depleted.
Reverse - Sky River Walk
During this Footwork, whenever the user retreats 1 distance, user absorbs 1 point of "Aegis" True Qi from the enemy
Reverse - Riding Five\nCarriages
When retreating with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 2 distance at once. After jumping, user's Stamina will be recovered.
Reverse - Divine Rope
During this Footwork: Enemy cannot remove user's Footwork or Stamina; Whenever the user attacks the enemy, the distance between the enemy and the user will immediately increase by 4. The reduced distance will be restored after the attack ends
Reverse - Seven-Star Spin
During this Footwork, the more "attack tokens" the user has, the more the user's Attack Speed will be increased
Reverse - Heaven Leap
When retreating with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump, up to 5 distance at once. After jumping, the user will gain a buff that will increase user's Ext. Pen and Int. Pen.; The farther the user retreats, the stronger the buff will be
Reverse - Moving Star
When this Footwork is used, the distance between the user and the enemy changes to 5; During this Footwork, the enemy cannot actively move away from the user
Reverse - Barefoot
During this Footwork: The user will not be moved forward for any reason, and the enemy will have to consume more Footwork to move forward
Reverse - Drunk 8 Immortals
Deplete Attack Tokens
During this Footwork, whenever the enemy moves 0.5 distance withing the user's Attack Range, the enemy will have a chance to deplete either Stamina, Inhale, Stance, or Attack Tokens. If the user is drunk, this effect will always trigger.
Reverse - Dragon Tail
Reduce the level of Weak Points
During this Footwork, it reduces the level of Weak Points caused by the enemy to the user.
Reverse - Dragon Leap
During this Footwork, whenever an enemy attacks the user, a separate Might check will happen, and if the enemy fails to Resolve it, direct damage of this attack will be reduced by 30%. This Might check becomes progressively less accurate each time it activates within the duration of this technique.
Reverse - Wind Fire Stance
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Blade" weapon, enemy's Stamina will be depleted.
Reverse - Drunk Lying In The East Sea
Reduce Skill Power
During this Footwork, user's "Break" techniques can be performed with only half of the required Stance and Inhale, but the power of the techniques will be reduced based on the amount of lacking Stance and Inhale. If the user is drunk, the power decrease will be halved.
Reverse - Fox Move
When retreating with this Footwork, the user needs to prepare to jump 1 distance at once. If during preparation user gets attacked, the speed of preparation will be increased
Reverse - Tomb Escape
During this Footwork, whenever the user hits an enemy with a "Poison Sand" weapon, enemy's Stamina will be depleted.
Reverse - Ghost Move
When using Kick Techniques in this Footwork your Accuracies will be shifted towards Swiftness
Reverse - Ghost Hou's Rage
Kick Int. DMG UP
Direct Internal Damage to the enemy caused by the user's Kick Techniques performed during this Footwork is increased by 30%
Reverse - Flying Zombies
Internal injuries cannot be reduced
When using this Footwork, the direct Internal damage caused by the user's Kicks cannot be reduced by any effect. When any Kick Technique is used at 100% of it's power, the duration of this Footwork will be restored
Reverse - Little Leap
Reverse - Mountain\nPushing Palm
Reduce Enemy Might
After this technique reaches at least $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: The less layers of this effect remain, the more enemy's Might will be reduced when attacking the user
Reverse - Iron Fist of\nLion Phase
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user will gain 2 "Punch" styles
Reverse - Gate Breaker\n8 Moves
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, for every 1 "Punch" style the user has, user will inflict additional 10% of the direct damage caused by this technique to the enemy's attacked body part as Fatal Wound damage.
Reverse - The Great\nStonebreaker
When attacking enemy with this technique: user's DES will be greatly increased; if the user's DES is higher than the enemy's Hardness, and the durability of the attacked armor isn't higher than 75%, user's External and Internal Penetration will be greatly increased
Reverse - Gold Palm of\nLion Phase
Increase Weak Point Duration
When hitting enemy's Arm, direct damage of this technique increases by 45%; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, duration of all Weak Points on the enemy gets increased to the maximum
Reverse - Warlord's\nPull Bow
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, damage caused by the user to either Leg of the enemy will be applied to both Legs of the enemy.
Reverse -  Cloud Frenzy Style
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 4 layers of this effect: User can retreat up to 3 distances while performing any "Break" technique, and the further the user retreats, the more the attack range will increase; If the next technique performed is still this technique, its power will be greatly increased
Reverse - Great Divine\nPalm
Eliminate the Quick of the enemy
Sealing the Quick of the Enemy
When attacking enemy with this technique, if the enemy is using a "Quick" technique, half of its power will be added to this technique; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the "Quick" technique of the enemy will be eliminated and "Sealed" for a very long time.
Reverse - Great Slow Hand
At the end of this technique, the enemy's Diversion will be reduced, and the user will immediately perform this technique again without consumption from 50% of the progress until the enemy leaves the attack range of this technique.
Reverse - Ground Blade\nof Lion Face
When you start performing this technique, you will regain your Stamina; While performing this technique, you can retreat up to 2 distances.
Reverse - Rapid Blade\nof Mountain Cleave
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user will gain 2 "Hack" styles
Reverse - Shield Blade\nof Lion Phase
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, for every 1 "Hack" style the user has, user will inflict additional 10% of the direct damage caused by this technique to the enemy's attacked body part as Fatal Wound damage.
Reverse - Tremendous\nEffort Blade
When you start performing this technique, the more Strength the user has consumed, the more the power of this technique will increase
Reverse - Ao Slaying\nBlade
When hitting enemy's Leg, direct damage of this technique increases by 45%; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it fully depletes enemy's Stamina and Footwork
Reverse - Overlord Blade
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 8 layers of this effect: Whenever enemy receives an Injury marker, layers of this effect get reduced by 1. While this effect is active, enemy cannot advance as long as the user is in the enemy's attack range.
Reverse - Gold Lion Blade
Ban Ortho
When you start performing this technique, "interrupt" all Orthodox training techniques being performed by the enemy, and eliminate all Orthodox training techniques being performed by the enemy; While performing this technique, the enemy cannot perform any Orthodox training techniques; after the performance of this technique, the user gains 3 levels of this effect: the user cannot perform any Orthodox training techniques, and every time the user performs any Heterodox training techniques, this effect is reduced by 1 level.
Reverse - Coiled Dragon\nGhost Blade
When you start performing this technique, all available styles of the user will be changed to "Hack" styles. The more styles get changed to "Hack" style, the more power of this technique will be increased; After using, this technique will change from Heterodox to Orthodox version.
Reverse - Wild Blade
This technique will always deal critical hits; Whenever enemy inflicts an Injury or Fatal Wound marker on the user with direct damage, the power of this technique will cumulatively increase based on how many markers were inflicted by the enemy, however the user's hit chance will cumulatively decrease by up to 90% until the end of the battle. The cumulative increase in power of this technique cannot be shifted or removed by any effect.
Reverse - Spear of Evil
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: Whenever user receives an Internal Injury or Fatal Wound marker due to direct Internal Damage, user recovers all of their "attack tokens"
Reverse - Soul-Severed\nSpear of 5 Tigers
When you start performing this technique, the smaller the minimum attack distance of the user than the minimum attack distance of the enemy, the more the power of this technique will increase
Reverse - 8 Mother's\nSpear of Lion Phase
Based on completion percentage of this technique, reduces the strength of 1 debuff on the user
Reverse - General's\n16 Spear
When you start performing this technique, the more Constitution the user has consumed, the more the power of this technique will increase
Reverse - Spear of\nUniverse
While performing this technique, user can retreat up to 3 distance, and the consumption of Stamina and Footwork will be halved. The further the user retreats, the more the power of this technique will increase. For every 0.2 distance the user retreats, user will gain 3 points of "Break" and "Aegis" True Qi
Reverse - Spear of\nMountain-Shaking Beasts
When you start performing this technique, if the enemy does not use the "Quick" technique, the enemy will immediately drop the weapon in his hand and switch to empty hand, and all the enemy's weapons will be temporarily unusable.
Reverse - Lion Spear of\nMadness Dragon
When this technique's damage gets Reflected, user transfers all of the Reflect damage back to the enemy; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 4 layers of this effect: When user isn't using a Footwork, the user can quickly accumulate power to retreat 2 distance at once without consumption
Reverse - Overlord Spear\nof Dragon
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, all of the enemy's teammates will take the same amount of damage as the enemy, and gain twice as many layers of this effects according to the number of Internal Injury and Fatal Wound markers enemy receives; Each layer of this effect will cancel out Internal Injury, Daze, and Fatal Wound markers caused by direct damage by the enemy to the user.
Reverse - Emotions
Reduce Enemy's Breath
After this technique reaches at least $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: The less layers of this effect remain, the more enemy's Breath will be reduced when attacking the user
Reverse - Crystal Tune
When you start performing this technique, if the enemy doesn't have any Daze markers, the power of this technique will be greatly increased; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, add 1 Daze marker to the enemy, and if the enemy didn't have any Daze markers, add 3 additional Daze markers to the enemy.
Reverse - Heart-Breaking
Reduce your mood
When you start performing this technique, the worse the user's mood is, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will randomly worsen enemy's Injuries based on how bad the user's mood is; After performing this technique, based on completion percentage of this technique, a special debuff which reduces mood will be applied to the user
Reverse - Yellow Bamboo
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user immediately performs a "Melody" technique without any cost. The possible tier of the "Melody" technique performed this way depends on the number of Daze markers the enemy has; If the immediately performed technique is still this one, the Heterodox practice effect of this technique temporarily changes to: "When you start performing this technique, the power of this technique greatly increases"
Reverse - Xiang Lady Tears
When you start performing this technique, if the user has a deceased spouse, the higher the Favor between the user and their deceased spouse with lowest Favor, the more the power of this technique will increase. However, if the Favor between the user and their deceased spouse with lowest Favor is lower than Warm, the power of this technique will be greatly reduced instead
Reverse - 3 Nights of Joy
When you start performing this technique: A part of the user's Charm will be added to the user's Breath; If the enemy is female, the power of this technique will greatly increase, and if the enemy isn't a virgin, the power of this technique will greatly increase again
Reverse - Song of\nThe Moon
When you start performing this technique: If the user doesn't have a teammate, the power of this technique will be greatly increased; If the user has a teammate, and the enemy doesn't, enemy will lose a large amount of True Qi equal to the portion of True Qi of 1 random teammate of the user; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, add 3 Daze markers to the enemy.
Reverse - Love Poem
When you start performing this technique, the more mutual lovers the user has, the more the power of this technique will increase, but if the user has more than 10 mutual lovers, the power of this technique will be reduced instead
Reverse - Celestial Music\nof Goddess
When you start attacking enemy with this technique, if the enemy has 6 or more Daze markers, eliminate enemy's "Aegis" and "Quick" techniques; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, eliminate all enemy's Daze markers, and add them back to the enemy as Fatal Wound markers.
Reverse - Pure Lady's Hidden Hand
Ban style gain
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Enemy cannot gain "Hold" styles
Reverse - Jade Hand
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Direct damage caused by enemy's or user's "Break" techniques gets reduced by 30%.
Reverse - Cold Yin Palm
When hitting enemy's Waist, direct damage of this technique increases by 30%; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it worsens Internal Injuries on random body parts of the enemy.
Reverse - 9 Moves of\n9 Heavens
Reduces internal reflect
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 9 layers of this effect: If a "Break" technique performed by the user fails to reach $1$0% completion, user will receive significantly less Internal Reflect, and receive a portion of Inhale consumed after performing that technique.
Reverse - Jade Tripot Fist
Toxin level reduction
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: Cryotoxin applied by the enemy's "Break" techniques on the user will be lowered from "Level 3" to "Level 2" and from "Level 2" to "Level 1". Enemy's "Break" techniques that have Cryotoxin on them will have a greatly reduced Cast Speed.
Reverse - Princess\nRainfall
Adore your Enemy
When you start performing this technique, if the user likes enemy's gender, the higher the enemy's Charm is, the more the power of this technique will increase; If the user can Adore the enemy, when this technique reaches $0$0% completion, there will be a very low chance that the user will start Adoring the enemy.
Reverse - Divine Cold\nPalm
Applying more toxins
Ignore Cryotoxin Resistance
The amount of Cryotoxin this technique inflicts is greatly increased, but there is a low chance that the user will also get poisoned by a part of this Cryotoxin; Unless the enemy is Immune to Cryotoxin, the Cryotoxin applied by this technique will ignore half of the victim's Poison Resistance
Reverse - One Mysterious\nHand
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user retreats 2 distance away from the enemy.
Reverse - Mysterious\nIce Finger
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, enemy will lose 5 points of "Quick" True Qi.
Reverse - Fallen Finger
This technique inflicts direct Internal Damage both to the user and the enemy, but if the user has more Defeat Markers than the enemy, user will be immune to this damage; Direct Internal Damage caused by this technique can't be reduced by any effect.
Reverse - Peeling Move
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will have a chance to remove 1 piece of Clothing, Armor, or Accessory from the enemy, and apply an Internal Defense debuff to the enemy according to the tier of the removed equipment
Reverse - Poisonous Snake Hidden Move
At the start of the battle, the user gains 0 layers of this effect: Whenever the user loses 1 point of "Quick" True Qi, this effect increases by 1 layer, and when this effect reaches up to 9 layers, the power of this technique will increase greatly, and it will be performed from 50% of its progress, after which this effect will revert to 0 layers
Reverse - 12 Moves of\nChangxi
When you start performing this technique, all available styles of the user will be changed to "Point" styles. The more styles get changed to "Point" style, the more the power of this technique will increase; After using, this technique will change from Heterodox to Orthodox version.
Reverse - Polaris Finger\nPoint
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, all body parts of the enemy that have Sealed Acupoints on them will receive 1 Weak Point of the same level as the highest level Sealed Acupoint on that body part.
Reverse - The Great Moon\nFinger
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the enemy will unavoidably lose all of their "Break" True Qi, and gain a special debuff that decreases the amount of True Qi gained.
Reverse - Taoism-Trinity\nFinger
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Enemy cannot gain "Point" styles
Reverse - Hook Clamp
Weak P. UP Ext. Dmg
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, attacking enemy's body part that has a Weak Point on it will increase direct Internal Damage dealt
Reverse - 5 Mantra\n5 Phases
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if at least 3 stats out of user's Composure, Cleverness, Enthusiasm, Valour, and Fortitude are higher than the enemy's, the enemy will receive 2 Daze markers, the user will receive 3 layers of "Disrespectful" Fame, and the enemy will receive 3 layers of "Being Derided" Fame
Reverse - Pivot Move
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: Whenever enemy's "Break" technique reaches $1$0% completion, its power gets greatly reduced. This effect lasts until that "Break" technique fails to reach $1$0% completion.
Reverse - Clutch Finger
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion: The more Daze markers both the user and the enemy have, the higher the chance that this technique will deal its backlash damage to the enemy. If the enemy has a Sealed technique, this effect will always trigger. It also has a chance to cause up to 2 random Sealed techniques of the enemy to deal their backlash damage to the enemy
Reverse - The Great\nYinyang Hand
Buff Yourself
When you start performing this technique, unless the user already has the same buffs, enemy's debuffs will temporarily apply an opposite effect on the user, lasting until the end of this technique; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 1 layer of this effect: Unless the user already has the same buffs, enemy's debuffs will temporarily apply an opposite effect on the user. Layers of this effect will automatically decrease over time
Reverse - Sky Earth Finger
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if enemy's dominant element is "Earth" or "Water", direct damage dealt by this technique will be increased by 90%
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Round-Trip
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Enemy cannot gain "Stab" styles
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Sanchin
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, enemy will lose 5 points of "Nadis" True Qi.
Reverse - Flying Sword
Reduce Enemy's Break Power
When hitting enemy's Head, direct damage of this technique increases by 30%; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it reduces power of 1 random "Break" technique of the enemy until the end of the battle.
Reverse - Art of the\nClairvoyant Sword
If user's Might, Finesse, Swiftness, or Breath is not lower than the enemy's, based on completion percentage of this technique, apply a debuff to the enemy that reduces the corresponding Resolve stat.
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Water Beetle
Dmg Immunity
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 8 layers of this effect: Whenever the user attacks the enemy with a weapon, the enemy will also immediately attack the user with a weapon, and the Counter damage received from this attack will be greatly increased
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof 9 Lights
At the start of the battle, the user gains 0 layers of this effect: Whenever the user loses 1 point of "Nadis" True Qi, this effect increases by 1 layer, and when this effect reaches up to 9 layers, the power of this technique will increase greatly, and it will be performed from 50% of its progress, after which this effect will revert to 0 layers
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Yinyang Reversed
When attacking the enemy with this technique, if this technique can cause direct External damage, and the user's External Penetration is lower than the enemy's External Defense, the user's Internal Penetration will be greatly increased, and the direct Internal damage dealt to the enemy will be greatly increased
Reverse - Origin\nSword Intent
If user's "Nadis" True Qi is lower than its initial value, and lower than the enemy's "Nadis" True Qi, when hitting the enemy with this technique, 1 "Nadis" technique of the enemy that isn't permanently Sealed will become "Sealed". The number of times this technique hits the enemy will determine the length of the Sealing. At the end of this technique, user gains 12 points of "Nadis" True Qi
Reverse - Ever-Changing\n14 Swordmanship
Ignore Style Type
As long as the user can use the styles required to perform this technique, this technique can be performed using any unusable styles of the user; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: Whenever the enemy uses a "Break" technique that requires "Hack", "Stab", or "Slash" styles, if the user can use these styles, the user will immediately perform the same technique using the power of this technique without any consumption. If the user hits the enemy with the same technique before the enemy, it will "Interrupt" enemy's technique, and cumulatively increase the power of this technique until the end of the battle
Reverse - Tripping Spell
When this spell reaches $0$0% completion, user's Footwork and Stamina will be greatly restored.
Reverse - Disable
When this spell reaches $0$0% completion, 2 "Break" techniques of the enemy that aren't permanently Sealed will be "Sealed" for a short period of time; The damage of the "Sealed" techniques will be reduced, lasting until the enemy uses it; After casting this spell, it will always be "Sealed" for a long period of time.
Reverse - Shocking Spell
When this spell reaches $0$0% completion: If the enemy can Escape, the higher the sum of the user's Composure, Cleverness, Enthusiasm, Valour, and Fortitude, the higher the chance that the enemy will immediately try to Escape; If the enemy can't Escape, and has no memory of this spell, the higher the sum of the user's Composure, Cleverness, Enthusiasm, Valour, and Fortitude, the more Daze markers will be added to the enemy
Reverse - Summoning\nThunder
When this spell reaches $0$0% completion, if enemy is equipped with a Weapon, Armor, or Accessory made out of Ore, the enemy will receive additional non-direct Internal Injuries on random body parts
Reverse - Hexa-Jia Arcane\nBenediction
Reduce Direct Damage
Reduce Fatal Wound Damage
Reduce Daze Damage
After this spell reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 9 layers of this effect: The more "Break" techniques of the enemy are Sealed, the less direct External and Internal damage enemy's "Break" techniques will deal; The more "Quick" techniques of the enemy are Sealed, the less Fatal Wound damage enemy's "Break" techniques will deal; The more "Aegis" techniques of the enemy are Sealed, the less Daze damage enemy's "Break" techniques will deal
Reverse - The Puppet's\nSealing Spell
When this spell reaches $0$0% completion, 2 "Quick" techniques of the enemy that aren't permanently Sealed will be "Sealed" for a short period of time; While they're Sealed, all "Quick" techniques of the enemy will have a high chance of being "Interrupted" when their cast progress reaches 90%; After casting this spell, it will always be "Sealed" for a long period of time.
Reverse - The 7 Whites'\nExorcism
When this spell reaches $0$0% completion, 2 "Aegis" techniques of the enemy that aren't permanently Sealed will be "Sealed" for a short period of time; Based on the effect of the Sealed "Aegis" techniques, enemy's Ext. Defense, Int. Defense, Diversion, Parry, Evasion, and Focus will be reduced; After casting this spell, it will always be "Sealed" for a long period of time.
Reverse - Bless of\nThe Stars
Reduce Sealing Duration
When this spell reaches $0$0% completion, if the enemy is Enthralled or Possessed, enemy's Health will be greatly reduced; After this spell reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 9 layers of this effect: The Daze markers caused by any spell cast by the user will change into Fatal Wound markers, and if user's spell reaches $1$0% completion, it will greatly reduce the duration of Sealing on user's techniques
Reverse - Almighty Spell
Remove Sealing
This spell cannot be Sealed; This spell can only be cast when the user's True Qi isn't lower than its initial value; When this spell reaches $0$0% completion, it will remove Sealing from all techniques of the user that aren't permanently Sealed. Whenever Sealing gets removed from a technique, the enemy will suffer a backlash damage from that technique 1 time; At the end of this spell, user's True Qi will be greatly depleted based on the type and quantity of techniques it removes Sealing from
Reverse - 5 Animals Fist
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 5 layers of this effect: direct Internal Damage taken by user will be reduced by 15%.
Reverse - The Great Snow\nMountain Palm
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: The lower the current values of Strength, Agility, Constitution, Vitality, Comprehension and Willpower of the user are compared to those of the enemy, the more the power of any "Break" technique performed by the user will be increased.
Reverse - Blood Palm
Increase Your Pyrotoxin Resistance
When you start performing this technique, the more the user is poisoned by Pyrotoxin, the more the power of this technique will increase; Based on completion percentage of this technique, the user will receive a buff that increases Pyrotoxin resistance.
Reverse - Osbeck\nBone Melt Palm
Subdue the enemy to induce Qi to rush through the gate
Based on completion percentage of this technique, enemy receives a debuff that reduces Int. Recovery
Reverse - Divine Drug\nPalm
Absorb your own toxins
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it absorbs the deepest newly inflicted Poison from the user, and changes the absorbed Poison markers into Injury markers at random body parts; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: Whenever user hits the enemy, the Poison absorbed by this technique will be applied to the enemy, ignoring enemy's Poison Resistance unless they're "Immune" to it
Reverse - Divine Flood\nDragon Palm
When you start performing this technique, the more Injury markers user has, the more the power of this technique increases; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, up to 18 Injury markers of the enemy will change into Old Injuries that are more difficult to recover from
Reverse - Fallen Hands\nof Mt.Chai
E·ATK Spd Dn
Based on completion percentage of this technique, enemy receives a debuff that reduces Attack Speed
Reverse - Hook Claw
Increase Acritoxin Resistance
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: Acritoxin applied by the enemy's "Break" techniques on the user will be lowered from "Level 3" to "Level 2" and from "Level 2" to "Level 1". User's Acritoxin Resistance will also be increased according to the number of remaining layers.
Reverse - Iron Flower\nRotten Bone Claw
Absorb Enemy's Inhale
When hitting enemy's Chest, direct damage of this technique increases by 30%; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user absorbs enemy's Inhale
Reverse - Jade Cicada\nFinger
When you start performing this technique, the poison applied by the user to the enemy will change to either Umbritoxin, Cryotoxin or Oneirotoxin, depending on which of those the user has less of. If after changing the applied poison is Oneirotoxin, the power of this technique will be greatly increased.
Reverse - Flood Dragon's\nIron Tentacle
Increase Sealed Acupoints Duration
When hitting enemy's Arm, direct damage of this technique increases by 45%; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, duration of all Sealed Acupoints on the enemy gets increased to the maximum
Reverse - No Harm Hands
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if user hits enemy's Head: Enemy loses all memories of this battle; Enemy can't attack with weapons, or perform techniques that require Inhale until they are attacked in any way
Reverse - Upside-down\nSky Kicking
When you start performing this technique, if the enemy has no memory of this technique: Enemy's Internal Defense is halved; Enemy will not try to defend against this technique, their "Aegis" and "Quick" techniques won't take effect, and after this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will inflict 1 additional Fatal Wound marker
Reverse - One Step Turn
While enemy is performing a technique, user can perform this technique from 50% of its progress; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user retreats 2 distance. This effect cannot be repeated during the cast of the same technique.
Reverse - Cuckoo's\nPecking
For every 1 Internal Injury this technique causes, it causes 1 Sealed Acupoint to appear on the enemy's attacked body part
Reverse - Small 8 Moves\nof Gold Clank
E·Int.Def. Dn
This technique cannot be Reflected; When attacking enemy with this technique, if the enemy's Internal Defense is higher than the user's Internal Penetration, after this technique is performed, a buff that increases the Internal Penetration will be applied to the user, and a debuff that decreases the Internal Defense will be applied to the enemy
Reverse - Flood Dragon's\nWagging Tail
At the start of the battle, user gains 3 layers of this effect: Whenever the total number of user's Defeat Markers exceeds half of the Defeat Condition, if the enemy is within the attack range of this technique, user starts performing this technique without consumption from 75% of it's progress, and its damage is increased by the amount of Internal Injuries the user has.
Reverse - Flood Dragon's\nRolling Kick
While performing this technique, user can retreat up to 3 distance, and for every 0.2 distance the user retreats, 1 Injury marker and 1 debuff inflicted while performing this technique will be removed from the user; While performing this technique, user's Weak Points and Sealed Acupoints will recover at a faster rate
Reverse - Great 8 Moves\nof Sea-Blocking
While performing this technique, enemies with lower Int. Recovery than the user can't move or perform techniques; Based on completion percentage of this technique, an Int. Recovery debuff will be applied to the enemy; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the Internal Damage it will deal will be increased based on how much higher user's Int. Recovery is compared to the enemy
Reverse - A Hundred Steps\nof Mysterious Tripot
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: When the number of layers of this effect is Even, enemy's Might, Finesse and Swiftness will be greatly reduced; When the number of layers of this effect is Odd, enemy's Diversion, Parry and Evasion will be greatly reduced; If user performs this technique while still having layers of this effect remaining, their power will be greatly increased.
Reverse - Zhen Fragrant
Increase Your Acritoxin Resistance
When you start performing this technique, the more the user is poisoned by Acritoxin, the more the power of this technique will increase; Based on completion percentage of this technique, the user will receive a buff that increases Acritoxin resistance.
Reverse - 8 Immortals of\nthe Other Shore
Increase Poison Activation Requirements
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 4 layers of this effect: The number of actions required for Poisons on the user to activate is increased, but every time a Poison on the user activates, it activates 2 times.
Reverse - Shock Dream\nFragrant
When you start performing this technique: the farther the enemy is from the user, the higher the starting cast progress of this technique will be; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the enemy's Focus is lower than user's Breath, immediately "Interrupt" enemy's cast, Healing, Detox, and Escape
Reverse - Blood Narcissus
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 4 layers of this effect: the more Injury markers the enemy inflicts on the user with direct damage, the more the power and attack range of this technique will increase. This effect lasts until this technique is performed again.
Reverse - 9 Idiotic\nFragrant
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 9 layers of this effect: the damage dealt by the user's "Break" techniques is greatly increased, but there is a high chance that they will be "Interrupted" when reaching 90% of their progress. If the number of remaining layers of this effect is Even, the chance of "Interrupting" is halved.
Reverse - Black Water\nPoison
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the more Acritoxin markers the user has, the more External Injuries and Weak Points will be added to random body parts of the enemy.
Reverse - Nippy Fragrant\nof Hundreds Evil
The amount of Umbritoxin this technique inflicts is greatly increased, but there is a low chance that the user will also get poisoned by a part of this Umbritoxin; Unless the enemy is Immune to Umbritoxin, the Umbritoxin applied by this technique will ignore half of the victim's Poison Resistance
Reverse - Flood Dragon's\nBlood
Reduce Armor Durability
When attacking enemy with this technique, the deeper the user is poisoned with Necrotoxin, the more direct damage this technique will deal; If the attacked body part doesn't have Armor or if its Armor's durability is completely depleted, the direct damage dealt by this technique will not be reduced for any reason; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the deeper the user is poisoned with Necrotoxin, the more all of the enemy's Armor will be damaged.
Reverse - Ghost Bone\nBlood Sea Otter
Immune to Poison Damage
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: User is immune to all Poison damage; Whenever the user performs a "Break" technique with a Poison marker on their body, 1 Certain Death marker will be added to user's body. The more Certain Death markers the user has, the more the power of user's techniques will increase. Once the user has 6 Certain Death markers, they will be defeated, and their Health will be reduced to 0.
Reverse - 12 Ways of\nAssassination
If user's Valour isn't less than 40, user can perform this technique from 50% of its progress. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Any "Sword Technique" of the user can be performed from 50% of its progress
Reverse - Gongbu\nThe Unique Sword
If user's Composure isn't less than 40, the direct damage dealt by this technique will be greatly increased. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Any "Sword Technique" of the user will deal increased direct damage
Reverse - Broken\nHoly Sword
If user's Enthusiasm isn't less than 40, the chance of this technique hitting the enemy will be greatly increased. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Any "Sword Technique" of the user will have an increased chance of hitting the enemy
Reverse - Heavy Sword of\nGreatTower
If user's Enthusiasm and Valour aren't less than 30, user's External Penetration will be greatly increased. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: user's External Penetration will be increased when performing "Sword Techniques".
Reverse - 7 Star\nSwordsmanship of DragonPool
If user's Cleverness and Fortitude aren't less than 30, the Inhale and Stance cost of this technique will be greatly reduced. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Any "Sword Technique" of the user will have reduced Stance and Inhale cost
Reverse - Taier\nImmeasurable Sword
If user's Fortitude and Perception aren't less than 30, the Attack Range of this technique will be greatly increased. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Any "Sword Technique" of the user will have increased Attack Range
Reverse - HU·Sword Intent\nof Pure Soul
If user's Composure, Cleverness, and Perception aren't less than 20, user's Internal Penetration will be greatly increased. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: User's Internal Penetration will be increased when performing "Sword Techniques".
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof SuperbCore
If user's Karma isn't less than 40, the power of this technique will be greatly increased. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: the power of all "Sword Techniques" performed by the user will be increased.
Reverse - Blade of General
When you start performing this technique, if the weapon held by the enemy is a "Polearm", the power of enemy's "Aegis" technique will be reduced. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Any "Blade Technique" of the user will reduce the power of the enemy's "Aegis" technique.
Reverse - Blade of\nMaster Ruan
When you start performing this technique, if the weapon held by the enemy is a "Whisk" or a "Whip", user can Counter Resolved weapon attacks while performing this technique. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: User can Counter Resolved weapon attacks while performing any "Blade Technique"
Reverse - Battle Blade\nof Dragon Sparrow
When you start performing this technique, if the weapon held by the enemy is a "Blade", user can Reflect direct damage taken while performing this technique. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: User can Reflect direct damage taken while performing any "Blade Technique"
Reverse - Blade of\nJade Carving
When you start performing this technique, if the weapon held by the enemy is a "Flute" or a "Zither", user can perform this technique from 50% of its progress. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Any "Blade Technique" of the user can be performed from 50% of its progress
Reverse - Blade of\nGhost Chef
When you start performing this technique, if the weapon held by the enemy is a "Poison Sand" or a "Poison Pouch", direct damage of this technique will increase based on the number of Poison markers on the user's body. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Any "Blade Technique" of the user will deal increased direct damage based on the number of Poison markers on the user's body.
Reverse - Red Blade of\n7 End
When you start performing this technique, if the weapon held by the enemy is a "Dagger". "Talisman" or a "Pestle", the Stance and Inhale consumption of this technique will be greatly reduced. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Any "Blade Technique" of the user will have a reduced Stance and Inhale cost
Reverse - Incomplete\nBlade
When you start performing this technique, if the weapon held by the enemy is a "Hidden Weapon". "Mech. Bird" or a "Needle Box", the attack range of this technique greatly increases. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Any "Blade Technique" of the user will have an increased attack range
Reverse - The Last Blade\nof Minghong
When you start performing this technique, if the weapon held by the enemy is a "Sword", the power of this technique will be greatly increased. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Any "Blade Technique" of the user will have increased power
Reverse - Dragon-Defeated\nStaff
If user's Strength isn't less than 70, when this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will reduce enemy's "attack tokens", and also user will gain 2 layers of this effect: Any "Polearm Technique" of the user will reduce enemy's "attack tokens" when reaching $0$0% completion.
Reverse - Staff of\nSweep Cloud
If user's Agility isn't less than 70, when this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will reduce enemy's Footwork and Stamina, and also user will gain 2 layers of this effect: Any "Polearm Technique" of the user will reduce enemy's Footwork and Stamina when reaching $0$0% completion.
Reverse - Staff of\n10 Directions
If user's Constitution isn't less than 70, when this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will "Interrupt" enemy's Healing, Detox, and Escape, and also user will gain 2 layers of this effect: Any "Polearm Technique" of the user will "Interrupt" enemy's Healing, Detox, and Escape when reaching $0$0% completion.
Reverse - Staff of\nGhost Head
If user's Agility and Comprehension aren't less than 60, when this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will randomly reduce 1 layer of enemy's "Break" technique's effect, and also user will gain 2 layers of this effect: Any "Polearm Technique" of the user will randomly reduce 1 layer of enemy's "Break" technique's effect when reaching $0$0% completion.
Reverse - Staff of\nGold Eyes Tiger
If user's Strength and Willpower aren't less than 60, when this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will put 3 orders of a random enemy's teammate on a 5x longer cooldown, and also user will gain 2 layers of this effect: Any "Polearm Technique" of the user will put 1 order of a random enemy's teammate on a 5x longer cooldown when reaching $0$0% completion.
Reverse - Staff of\nMystical Island
If user's Vitality and Comprehension aren't less than 60, the Stance and Inhale cost of this technique will be greatly reduced. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Any "Polearm Technique" of the user will have reduced Stance and Inhale cost.
Reverse - Divine Staff of\nOcean Carry
If user's Constitution, Vitality and Willpower aren't less than 50, this technique cannot be "Interrupted". After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Any "Polearm Technique" of the user will be more difficult to "Interrupt"
Reverse - Iron Staff of\nMixed Element
If user's Strength, Agility, Constitution, Vitality, Willpower, and Comprehension aren't less than 40, the power of this technique will be greatly increased. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Any "Polearm Technique" of the user will have increased power
Reverse - Mechanic\nSwallow
Reduction of storage type consumption
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: When user loses "Ware" style, there is a high chance of losing 1 less "Ware" style.
Reverse - Mechanic Hook
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if user can consume 1 additional "Ware" style, enemy's Inhale will be greatly reduced
Reverse - Chain
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 4 layers of this effect: The fewer layers of this effect remain, the more power of enemy's "Break" techniques reduces.
Reverse - Dragon Claw
The maximum attack range of this technique is greatly increased; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, enemy gets pulled forward by 6 distance, and if user can consume 1 additional "Ware" style, the farther the enemy is after being pushed forward, the more damage they will receive.
Reverse - Web
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 30 layers of this effect: Whenever enemy retreats, user consumes 1 layer of this effect per 0.1 distance to offset the distance enemy moved
Reverse - Mt.Tai Lock
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it immediately causes a number of Sealed Acupoints on enemy's Arms equal to the number of "Ware" styles user has, consuming all "Ware" styles user has in the process; Sealed Acupoints caused by this technique cannot be enhanced by any effect, and they take less time to wear off.
Reverse - Mechanic Hawk
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: Whenever user inflicts an Internal Injury on the enemy using direct damage, user can consume an additional "Ware" style to inflict 1 indirect Internal Injury to a random body part of the enemy, which will immediately change into an Old Injury that is harder to recover from.
Reverse - The Impulse
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 1 layer of this effect: When the total number of defeat markers sustained by the user reaches the defeat condition, all of removable Impairment and Fatal Wound markers of the user get removed, and a portion of the removed Impairment markers is transferred to the enemy, after which this technique will be always be "Sealed" until the end of the battle.
Reverse - Ancestor's\nLong Fist
Reverse - Scorpion Hand
Increase Your Umbritoxin Resistance
When you start performing this technique, the more the user is poisoned by Umbritoxin, the more the power of this technique will increase; Based on completion percentage of this technique, the user will receive a buff that increases Umbritoxin resistance.
Reverse - Python Hand
Ignore light effects
When attacking an enemy with this technique, the special effect of the enemy's "Quick" technique cannot take effect if the enemy's Oneirotoxin attacks his heart
Reverse - Blood Fluke\nPalm
Absorb Enemy's Stance
When hitting enemy's Waist, direct damage of this technique increases by 30%; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it absorbs enemy's Stance
Reverse - Soul-Extinct\nPalm
When you start performing this technique, the toxin applied by the user to the enemy will change according to the one with the lowest amount of poisoning among the user's strong Acritoxin, Pyrotoxin and Necrotoxin, and if the poison applied to the enemy after the change is still Necrotoxin, the power of this technique will be greatly increased
Reverse - Azure Spider\nHand
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion: randomly select 1 "Break" technique of the enemy that has the most power debuffs on it; When you start performing this technique, the power of this technique increases by the same amount as the power reduced by the power debuff of the selected technique; Whenever enemy performs the selected technique, user can also perform this technique from 50% of its progress without consumption
Reverse - Poison Palm\nof Red Toad
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the more Pyrotoxin markers the user has, the more External Injuries and Weak Points will be added to random body parts of the enemy.
Reverse - 4 Colors Palm
Apply Necrotoxin to Yourself
The amount of Necrotoxin this technique inflicts is greatly increased, but there is a low chance that the user will also get poisoned by a part of this Necrotoxin; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, up to 3 techniques of the enemy that have External Ratio of 60% or higher will be Sealed for a long period of time.
Reverse - Soul Peeling\nHands
When attacking enemy with this technique, the deeper the enemy is poisoned by Oneirotoxin, the more direct damage this technique will inflict; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the deeper the enemy is poisoned by Oneirotoxin, the higher the chance that the enemy will produce a Secret that they've been "Kidnapped", "Poisoned", "Assassinated" or "Humiliated" by random people on both sides of the battle.
Reverse - Snake Insanity\nHands
When you start performing this technique, the more Gu Charges the user has, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user gains 9 Gu Charges, and the higher the enemy's Toxicology compared to the user, the more Gu Charges the user will obtain, up to 90 Gu Charges.
Reverse - Red-eyed\nGu Descent
Plant Pre Gu
Increase Attack Accuracy
Extra Accuracy Increase
At the start of the battle, the user gains 3 Gu Charges; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it implants the user with a tamed Premature Red-eyed Gu; The Premature Red-eyed Gu will greatly increase host's chance of hitting the enemy; Premature Red-eyed Gu needs to consume 1 Gu Charge from the host or the enemy after every trigger, otherwise it will die.
Reverse - Chi Demon\nGu Descent
Extra Daze Increase
At the start of the battle, the user gains 4 Gu Charges; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it implants the user with a tamed Premature Chi Demon Gu; The Premature Chi Demon Gu will add 1 Daze marker to the enemy when the Poison suffered by the enemy activates; Premature Chi Demon Gu needs to consume 4 Gu Charges from the host or the enemy after every trigger, otherwise it will die.
Reverse - Sinister Blood\nGu Descent
Improving the effectiveness of treatment
Degrade Impairment
At the start of the battle, the user gains 6 Gu Charges; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it implants the user with a tamed Premature Sinister Blood Gu; Premature Sinister Blood Gu will greatly increase the effects of host's "Healing", "Detox", and "Use Medicine" in battle; Premature Sinister Blood Gu needs to consume 6 Gu Charges from the host or the enemy after every trigger, otherwise it will die
Reverse - Internal Demon\nDescent
Increase Random True Qi
Additional increase of true qi
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it implants the user with a tamed Premature Internal Demon Gu; The Premature Internal Demon Gu will increase host's random True Qi by 1 point whenever host's True Qi gets increased, and will cause the user to obtain Gu Charges based on the original True Qi increase, up to a maximum of 90 Gu Charges.
Reverse - 9 Yin Chi Corpse Gu
Reduce Break Damage
At the start of the battle, the user gains 12 Gu Charges; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it implants the user with a tamed Premature Chi Corpse Gu; The Premature Chi Corpse Gu will greatly reduce direct damage taken by the host from "Break" techniques; The Premature Chi Corpse Gu needs to consume 12 Gu Charges from the host or the enemy after every trigger, otherwise it will die.
Reverse - Jade Ice\nSilkworm Gu Descent
Decrease Sealing Chance
At the start of the battle, the user gains 8 Gu Charges; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it implants the user with a tamed Premature Ice Silkworm Gu; The Premature Ice Silkworm Gu will greatly decrease the Sealing time of host's techniques and weapons; The Premature Ice Silkworm Gu needs to consume 8 Gu Charges from the host or the enemy after every trigger, otherwise it will die.
H·Ghost-Eating\nGolden Silkworm Gu
Detox A Lot Poison
At the start of the battle, the user gains 16 Gu Charges; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it implants the user with a tamed Premature Golden Silkworm Gu; The Premature Golden Silkworm Gu will devour all other Premature Gu planted to the host in this battle, and Detox a large amount of Poison based on the Gu it devours; The Premature Golden Silkworm Gu needs to consume 16 Gu Charges from the host or the enemy after every trigger, otherwise it will die.
Reverse - A Hundred\nColors Marrow Insanity
Randomly Degenerate Gu
At the start of the battle, the user gains 28 Gu Charges; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it implants the user with a tamed Premature Azure Marrow Gu; Whenever the host receives a Fatal Wound marker, the Premature Azure Marrow Gu will either cause Premature Gu implanted to the host in this battle to change into sustained tamed Gu, or degenerate a Mature Gu into a sustained tamed Premature Gu. Sustained Gu won't require consumption of Gu Charges to trigger; Premature Azure Marrow Gu needs to consume 28 Gu Charges from the host or the enemy after every trigger, otherwise it will die
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Green Beard
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Enemy cannot gain "Slash" styles
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Billhook
Based on completion percentage of this technique, enemy receives a Movement Speed debuff; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, enemy gets pulled closer by 2 distance
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Ghost Old Lady
Worsen Weak Point
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, for every 2 "Stab" styles on the user's weapon, 1 random Weak Point on the enemy will increase by 1 level.
Reverse - Holy Wood\nSwordsmanship
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, part of its power will be transferred to 2 random "Break" techniques of the user. This effect lasts until this technique fails to reach $0$0% completion, then the transferred power will be restored and multiplied, lasting until the end of battle.
Reverse - Soul Chasing\nSwordsmanship
While performing this technique, the user can retreat up to 3 distance without consuming Footwork or Stamina, and the farther the user retreats, the more the power of this technique will increase
Reverse - Holy Ruler\nSwordsmanship
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the power of 3 "Earth", 2 "Water", and 1 "Wood" techniques of the enemy will be reduced until the end of the battle.
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Azure Spider
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it halves the power of 3 "Break" techniques of the enemy whose Internal Ratio is higher than the External Ratio. This effect lasts until the enemy performs those "Break" techniques.
Reverse - Snaking Whip
Descending enemy retreat distance
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: When enemy builds up strength to retreat a long distance, the distance retreated will be greatly reduced
Reverse - Centipede-Like\nWhip
Extra hit
When hitting an enemy with this technique, this technique will additionally hit 1 other body part of the enemy that has the biggest amount of strongest Weak Points
Reverse - 5 Divine Whip
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Any "Whip" technique performed by the user will transform from Orthodox to Heterodox version, and power of the transformed "Whip" technique will be greatly increased.
Reverse - Bone-Breaking\nWhip
Extend Weak Point Duration
When hitting enemy's Leg, direct damage of this technique increases by 45%; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, duration of all Weak Points on the enemy gets increased to the maximum
Reverse - Dreadlord's\nMetallic Whip
When attacking enemy with this technique: User's DES will be greatly increased; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, all of enemy's Footwork and Stamina gets eliminated, and enemy gets pulled closer by 6 distance
Reverse - Jade Breaking
Stamina instead of Inhale
User's Stamina can replace Inhale when user's Inhale isn't enough to perform this technique. While performing this technique, the user can move and attack, and the more times the user hits the enemy with weapon attacks, the more the power of this technique will increase.
Reverse - Spider Silk\nWhip
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, 2 of the enemy's "Weapons" that are not currently being used will be "Sealed" for a short period of time; After using this technique, it will unavoidably be Sealed for a long period of time.
Reverse - Dragon Whip
When attacking enemy with this technique, the deeper the user is poisoned by Acritoxin, the more direct damage this technique will inflict; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the deeper the user is poisoned by Acritoxin, the more the power of this technique will cumulatively increase until the end of the battle.
Reverse - Sky Snake Whip
At the start of the battle, user gains 0 layers of this effect: Whenever user inflicts a direct Internal Injury marker on the enemy by means other than this technique, the number of layers of this effect will be increased, up to a maximum of 9 layers; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the direct Internal Damage caused by this technique will increase based on the number of layers of this effect, and then will be decreased by 1 layer.
Reverse - Forged Bone\nFist
Based on completion percentage of this technique, 1 "Break" technique of the enemy will be "Sealed" for a very short period of time
Reverse - Drunk\n8 Immortals Fist
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 8 layers of this effect: When enemy makes a weapon attack on the user, enemy can only use their lowest Accuracy stat to Hit the weapon attack; If user is drunk, when enemy makes a weapon attack on the user, the lowest Accuracy stat of the enemy will be reduced.
Reverse - Refining\nFire Palm
Improve your defense
When hitting enemy with this technique, enemy's Armor will be ignored; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: When user is attacked by the enemy's technique, it consumes 10 points of the user's Constitution to increase user's External and Internal Defense
Reverse - Crazy Drunk Fist
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user has a low chance of performing this technique again immediately after it's finished, starting from 50% of its progress without consumption; The more disturbed user's Inner Breath is, the higher the Internal Damage caused by this technique will be; If user is drunk, the chance of performing this technique again increases greatly
Reverse - Great Colorful\nPalm
When you start performing this technique, a portion of the power of 1 most powerful "Quick" technique of the user and the enemy is transferred to this technique, and it lasts until the end of the battle.
Reverse - Divine Fist\nof Jade Yang
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user will consume 10 points of "Break" True Qi if possible, and change the number of effect layers of 1 random "Break" technique of the enemy to the minimum.
Reverse - Fire Palm of\n6 Yang
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if enemy's dominant element is "Metal" or "Wood", direct damage dealt by this technique will be increased by 90%
Reverse - Great Jade Yang\nFist
When you start performing this technique, the more the number of levels of the enemy's "Break" technique's lasting effect is close to its lower limit, the more the power of this technique increases.
Reverse - Dragon Palm
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: All Heterodox "Fist Techniques" performed by user will change into this technique, and based on power of this technique, their power will be greatly increased, lasting until the end of the battle; Heterodox Way of these techniques temporarily shifts to: "When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, enemy's "Aegis" technique, Footwork and Stamina will be removed."
Reverse - Flying Sand
Deal Extra Fatal Wound Damage
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, for every 1 "Throw" style the user has, user will inflict additional 10% of the direct damage caused by this technique to the enemy's attacked body part as Fatal Wound damage.
Reverse - Thunder Fire
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user will gain 2 "Throw" styles
Reverse - Dragon Spit\nDragon Ball
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, enemy will lose 5 points of "Break" True Qi.
Reverse - Divine Power\nof Red Blue Fire
When you start performing this technique, user gains a buff that greatly increases Internal Penetration, and a debuff that reduces Internal Defense
Reverse - Blood Burning
When you start performing this technique, if the user has any newly inflicted Internal Injuries, 3 random newly inflicted Internal Injuries of the user will change into 1 Old Injury that is harder to recover from, and then the power and Attack Range of this technique will increase greatly
Reverse - 9 Refining of\nThe Sun
At the beginning of the battle, the user gains 0 levels of this effect: every time the user loses 1 point of "Break" true qi, this effect increases by 1 level, and when this effect accumulates up to 9 levels, the power of this technique increases significantly, and the user can perform this technique to attack the enemy from 50% of the progress, and then this effect reverts to 0 levels.
Reverse - Blade of Fulong
Based on completion percentage of this technique, the power of all "Break" techniques of the enemy will be reduced until the end of the battle.
Reverse - Drunk Blade
When you start performing this technique, you can eliminate up to 2 usable forms of the enemy, and if the user is drunk, you can eliminate up to 3 usable forms of the enemy, and the more you eliminate, the more the power of this technique will increase.
Reverse - 4 Slashes of\nDragontooth
When you start performing this technique, if the enemy has an "Aegis" technique that can be performed, the enemy will start to perform it immediately, and the Orthodox/Heterodox effects of the performed "Aegis" technique won't work. The higher the tier of the performed "Aegis" technique, the more the direct Internal Damage of this technique will increase
Reverse - Blade of\nMindsets And Thoughts
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: all "Break" techniques performed by enemy will be affected by the lasting power decrease effect of another "Break" technique of the user with the highest lasting power decrease effect; If user is drunk, this effect will be greatly increased.
Reverse - 81 Slashes of\nMadness Dragon
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user gains 4 layers of this effect: The direct Internal damage to the enemy's body part hit by this technique will continuously increase, lasting until the end of the battle
Reverse - The Great\nDrunk Blade of Yinyang
When hitting an enemy with this technique, the direct Internal Damage dealt will be increased according to the amount of Internal Injuries on the same body part of the user. Effect is doubled if the user is drunk
Reverse - Dragonslayed\nBlade of Innocent Child
When you start performing this technique, if the user is not a male or female virgin, the power and hit chance of this technique will be greatly increased, and the damage dealt by this technique won't be reduced for any reason
Reverse - Hegemony\nBlade of 9 Dragons
Transfer Power Debuff
When you start performing this technique, the continuous power decrease effects of up to 9 techniques of both the user and the enemy will be doubled and transferred as a power increase to this technique; After performing this technique, it will always be "Sealed" for an extremely long period of time
Reverse - Vajra Hammer
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Enemy cannot gain "Punch" styles
Reverse - 5 Anger Hands
Reverse - Parami Palm
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, enemy will lose 5 points of "Aegis" True Qi.
Reverse - Vajra Black\nSand Palm
When attacking an enemy with this technique: user's DES is greatly increased; Based on completion percentage of this technique, user receives a buff that increases direct Internal Damage dealt.
Reverse - Soul Heat Palm
At the beginning of the battle, the user gains 0 levels of this effect: every time the user loses 1 point of "Aegis" true qi, this effect increases by 1 level, and when this effect accumulates up to 9 levels, the power of this technique increases significantly, and the user can perform this technique to attack the enemy from 50% of the progress, and then this effect reverts to 0 levels.
Reverse - Vajra\nAnnihilation Hands
When you start performing this technique, all available styles of the user will be changed to "Punch" styles. The more styles get changed to "Punch" style, the more power of this technique will be increased; After using, this technique will change from Heterodox to Orthodox version.
Reverse - 4 Divine Palm
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 1 layer of this effect, stacking up to a maximum of 4 layers: At 1 layer: Power of this technique greatly increases; At 2 layers: Minimum attack range of this technique decreases; At 3 layers: Direct Internal Damage caused by this technique won't be reduced for any reason; At 4 layers: After performing this skill, all Inhale consumed by it gets restored.
Reverse - The Great Sun\nBuddha Palm
Reduce E·Buff
Enhance Debuff
When you start performing this technique, the effect of all buffs on the enemy will be halved, and the effect of all debuffs will be doubled until the end of this technique
Reverse - Vajra Blade
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Enemy cannot gain "Hack" styles
Reverse - Rakkhasa Blade
When hitting enemy's Chest, direct damage of this technique increases by 30%; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it worsens External Injuries on random body parts of the enemy.
Reverse - Blade of\nEvil Influence
As long as this technique isn't Resolved with Diversion by the enemy, the direct Internal Damage dealt by this technique will be greatly increased and won't be reduced for any reason.
Reverse - Blade of\nSoul Heat
At the start of the battle, the user gains 0 layers of this effect: Every time the user loses 1 point of True Qi, this effect increases by 1 layer. The more layers of this effect user has, the more the power and attack range of this technique will increase. However, if the number of layers of this effect reaches 30 or more, the user will suffer backlash damage from this technique, and the number of layers of this effect will be reduced to 0.
Reverse - Blade of\nVajra Fall
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the enemy's "Aegis" True Qi isn't lower than its initial value, the user will steal 15 points of "Aegis" True Qi from the enemy. Otherwise, the user will steal 5 points
Reverse - Vajra Prajna\nBlade
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the power of 3 "Wood", 2 "Fire", and 1 "Metal" techniques of the enemy will be reduced until the end of the battle.
Reverse - Ruyibaolun\nBlade
Transfer Debuff
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Whenever the user gains a debuff not from this skill, its strength gets doubled, and then it gets transferred to the enemy, making the user receive an opposing buff in the process
Reverse - Blade of\n6 Mighty Powers
When attacking enemy with this technique, if the user's "Aegis" True Qi is lower than its initial value, the lower the user's "Aegis" True Qi is compared to enemy, the more direct damage the user will deal; When this technique ends, the user will gain 12 points of "Aegis" Qi
Reverse - Blade of\nMahakala
While performing this technique, all direct damage received by the user won't take effect until after this technique is performed; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the Internal Injury and Fatal Wound markers that should've been received instead change into layers of this effect: When using "Break" techniques, user will consume up to 10 layers of this effect to increase the direct damage dealt. However, if the layers of this effect exceed 30, this effect will also work on enemy's techniques.
Reverse - Rock-Breaking\nPoke
Improve your own broken blade
Break Weapon
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: When enemy hits the user, user's TOU will be greatly increased, and if user manages to damage enemy's Weapon, its durability will be damaged by 5 additional points
Reverse - Dharma\nProtector's Poke
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the "Pestle" held by user becomes enchanted by "Dharma Protector": As long as user is holding this "Pestle", the number of Internal Injuries caused by enemy to the user will be reduced by 1 (to a minimum of 1)
Dharma Protector: As long as the user is holding 「Pestle」, the number of direct internal injuries caused by the enemy to the user is reduced by 1 (to a minimum of 1)
Reverse - Demon's Poke
When this technique is performed, if the Club used by the user is enchanted, the higher the enchantment level, the more internal injuries this technique will cause; after this technique is performed, the enchantment on the Club used by the user will be removed.
Reverse - Vajra's Anger
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the "Pestle" held by user becomes enchanted by "Raging Vajra": As long as user is holding this "Pestle", the number of Internal Injuries caused by user to the enemy will be increased by 1
Raging Vajra: As long as the user is holding 「Pestle」, the number of direct Internal Injuries caused by the user to the enemy will be increased by 1
Reverse - Chakravarti\nPoke
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Any "Pestle" technique performed by the user will transform from Orthodox to Heterodox version, and power of the transformed "Pestle" technique will be greatly increased.
Reverse - Yamantaka\nPoke
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the "Pestle" held by user becomes enchanted by "Vajra of Virtue": As long as the user is holding this "Pestle", the less True Qi user has compared to the enemy, the more the power of all techniques of the user will be increased.
Vajra of Virtue: As long as the user holds this 「Pestle」, the more true qi the user has below the enemy, the more the power of all the user's techniques will be increased.
Reverse - Magical\nTreasure Tree
When you start performing this technique, if the Pestle held by the user is enchanted, the higher the enchantment level, the more the power of this technique will increase. When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the strength of all debuffs on the user will be greatly reduced; After finishing this technique, the enchantment on the Pestle held by the user will be removed
Reverse - Acala Poke
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the "Pestle" held by user becomes enchanted by "Immovable King": As long as the user is holding this "Pestle", its attack range will be greatly increased, user's Movement Speed will be greatly increased, and all direct damage taken will also be greatly increased.
Reverse - None-Shape\nLittle Catch
Based on completion percentage of this technique, enemy's Inhale will be depleted
Reverse - Picking Star\nMove
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user will gain 2 "Point" styles
Reverse - Jade Well Hands
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will steal 2 points of True Qi from the enemy. The type of True Qi stolen will be the highest True Qi of the enemy; If enemy's True Qi is still higher than its initial value after stealing, user will steal additional 3 points of this type of True Qi from the enemy
Reverse - Latency Yin\nFinger
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: Internal Injuries inflicted on the enemy will have a high chance to become Old Injuries that are harder to recover from
Reverse - Thunderbolt\n7 Stars Finger
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user will steal 3 points of "Break" True Qi from the enemy
Reverse - Mysterious\nFinger
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the more Cryotoxin markers the user has, the more Internal Injuries will be added to random body parts of the enemy.
Reverse - Source Extinct\nHands
The higher the completion percentage of this technique, the higher the chance of "Interrupting" enemy's technique. Power of the "Interrupted" technique will decrease based on power of this technique, lasting until the end of the battle.
Reverse - Staggered\nFinger
If the user's "Quick" True Qi is lower than its initial value, and is lower than the enemy's "Quick" True Qi, this technique will be performed without consuming Inhale and Stance, its power will be greatly increased, and at the end of this technique, user will gain 6 points of "Quick" True Qi
Reverse - The Ultra One\nCrystal Finger
Changing Int. Def. to Int. Pen.
While performing this technique: The majority of user's and enemy's Internal Defense changes to Internal Penetration; User will not receive more than 2 Internal Injury markers at once
Reverse - 10 Methods of\nJieqing
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, for every 2 "Shot" styles on the user's weapon, 1 random Weak Point on the enemy will increase by 1 level.
Reverse - Leaf Picking
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user will gain 2 "Shot" styles
Reverse - 6 Hands of\nShadowless
Make the enemy get the Kill style
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, enemy will gain 1 "Kill" style.
Reverse - Shooting Star
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the enemy has more than one "Kill" style, up to 3 random "Kill" styles of the enemy will be arranged together at the end of enemy's style bar
Reverse - Snapshot
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user gains 3 layers of this effect: Whenever the enemy gains a "Kill" style, the more "Kill" styles the enemy has arranged together, the more random body parts of the enemy will receive Weak Points
Reverse - Special Action\nof Trigram Map
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the user has any effects that would activate because "enemy gains a "Kill" style", then these effects will activate immediately without consuming layers; Enemy will have a high chance of gaining 1 "Kill" style after this effect activates.
Reverse - Throw\nTweet-Dragon
When you start performing this technique, the more "Kill" styles the enemy has arranged together, the more the power of this technique will increase; When attacking the enemy with this technique, consume all "Kill" styles of the enemy that are arranged together to greatly increase the direct damage of this technique
Reverse - Divine Needle\nof Shadow-Stopped
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user gains 3 layers of this effect: Whenever the enemy gains a "Kill" style, enemy's Footwork and Stamina will be completely depleted
Reverse - Divine\nNone-Thought
When you start performing this technique, If the weapon held by user has "Spirituality", the power of this technique will be greatly increased. After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the "Hidden Weapon" used to perform this technique will gain "Spirituality" for this battle. When this "Hidden Weapon" is not being held in hand by the user, when enemy obtains a "Kill" style, it will immediately attack the enemy regardless of the distance, without being affected by Counterattack or Reflect, and will always hit the enemy, but the user will not get any Stance or Styles from it.
Spirituality: When this "Hidden Weapons" is not being held in hand by the user, when the user obtains the "Kill" style, it will immediately attack the enemy on its own, regardless of distance, without being affected by counterattack or reflect, and will always hit,, but the user will not get any Stance or Styles from it.
Reverse - Jieqing\nRapid Sword
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, enemy gains 1 "Kill" style; When this technique reaches $1$0% completion, there will be a high chance that this technique will be immediately performed again from 50% of progress without any consumption.
Reverse - Relationships\nCutting Sword
When attacking the enemy with this technique: If the enemy has 3 "Kill" styles arranged together, the higher the Favor between the user and the enemy, the more direct damage this technique will deal. If the Favor between the user and the enemy isn't lower than Intimate, the direct damage of this technique will not be reduced for any reason. After using this technique, the enemy and the user will have a Feud with each other.
Reverse - Sword Intent\nof Fear
This technique deals 30% more direct damage to the enemy's Head, but has a higher chance of attacking other body parts of the enemy
Reverse - Jieqing Hidden\nRapid Sword
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the enemy has at least 2 "Kill" styles, the user will be able to perform a T9 "Sword Technique" from 50% of its progress without any consumption. For every 2 additional "Kill" styles, the level of "Sword Technique" that can be performed by this technique increases by one, up to a maximum of T7.
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Kill
When attacking the enemy with this technique, all "Kill" styles of the enemy that are arranged together are considered to be additional Weak Points with an increased effect on the enemy's attacked body part; When this technique ends, all "Kill" styles of the enemy will be rearranged.
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Netherworld
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will reduce power of 3 "Fire" techniques of the enemy until the end of the battle
Reverse - Seven-Severing\nPerfect Sword
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 7 layers of this effect: Whenever the enemy's "Kill" styles get arranged together, if this technique is not Sealed, user will immediately perform a T6 "Sword Technique" from 100% of its progress without any consumption. For every additional "Kill" style aligned together, the level of "Sword Technique" that can be performed by this skill increases by one, up to a maximum of T4; When this effect activates, this technique will always become "Sealed" for a short amount of time
Reverse - Mysterious\nSword Intent
When attacking the enemy with this technique, the deeper the user is poisoned with Cryotoxin, the more direct damage this technique will deal; If this technique attacks a body part that already has an Injury marker on it, its direct damage will not be reduced for any reason
Reverse - Crazy Dog Fist
When attacking enemy with this technique, or after this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: All direct damage dealt by the enemy's "Break" techniques will be either decreased by 90%, or increased by 90%, with a higher chance to be decreased
Reverse - Heartbreak Palm
When hitting enemy's Chest, direct damage of this technique increases by 30%; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it depletes enemy's Inhale
Reverse - 72 Hellbound\nFist
Heel paid
When you start performing this technique, the more body parts of the enemy have "Agony" status, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will cause enemy's Leg to be in "Agony" if it has an Int. Injury on it; The person who has "Leg Agony" status will only get half of the Footwork bar. In addition, if there are 4 Int. Injuries on the victim's Leg, it will be considered as a Broken Leg, which won't disappear until the victim heals all Int. Injuries on their Leg
Reverse - Zombie\nPoison Palm
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: Necrotoxin applied by the enemy's "Break" techniques on the user will be lowered from "Level 3" to "Level 2" and from "Level 2" to "Level 1". User will be able to Deflect enemy's "Break" techniques that have Necrotoxin on them, and if enemy's technique fails to break user's Deflect, enemy will suffer backlash damage from this technique
Reverse - Blood Evil Palm
Chest pain
When you start performing this technique, the more body parts of the enemy have "Agony" status, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will cause enemy's Torso to be in "Agony" if it has an Int. Injury on it; The person who has "Torso Agony" status can't have more than 60% of Inhale. In addition, if there are 4 Int. Injuries on the victim's Torso, it will be considered as a Broken Torso, which won't disappear until the victim heals all Int. Injuries on their Torso
Reverse - Bone Melting\nGhost Palm
When you start performing this technique, all available styles of the user will be changed to "Hold" styles. The more styles get changed to "Hold" style, the more power of this technique will be increased; After using, this technique will change from Heterodox to Orthodox version.
Reverse - Sky Demon Palm
Ignore Poison Resistance
The amount of Acritoxin this technique inflicts is greatly increased, but there is a low chance that the user will also get poisoned by a part of this Acritoxin; Unless the victim is Immune to Acritoxin, the Acritoxin applied by this technique will ignore half of the victim's poison resistance
Reverse - Blood Hou's\nEvil Palm
When attacking enemy with this technique, the deeper the user is poisoned by Pyrotoxin, the more direct damage this skill will deal; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the deeper the user is poisoned by Pyrotoxin, the more additional Fatal Wounds and Injuries enemy's random body parts will receive
Reverse - Poke Eye and\nCut Ear
Eyes·ears pain
When you start performing this technique, the more body parts of the enemy have "Agony" status, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will cause enemy's Head to be in "Agony" if it has an Int. Injury on it; The person who has "Head Agony" status will suffer from a Accuracy and Resolve stat reduction on every 2nd weapon attack. In addition, if there are 4 Int. Injuries on the victim's Head, it will be considered as a Broken Head, which won't disappear until the victim heals all Int. Injuries on their Head
Reverse - Lock Throat
At the start of the battle, user gains 0 layers of this effect: Whenever user hits enemy's Waist, the power and the starting cast progress of this skill increases, accumulating up to 2 layers; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it greatly depletes enemy's Inhale
Reverse - Separation of\nBone And Muscle
Shoulder pain
When you start performing this technique, the more body parts of the enemy have "Agony" status, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will cause enemy's Arm to be in "Agony" if it has an Int. Injury on it; The person who has "Arm Agony" status can't have more than 6 Styles. In addition, if there are 4 Int. Injuries on the victim's Arm, it will be considered as a Broken Arm, which won't disappear until the victim heals all Int. Injuries on their Arm
Reverse - Low-Body-Break\nFingers
Waist pain
When you start performing this technique, the more body parts of the enemy have "Agony" status, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will cause enemy's Waist to be in "Agony" if it has an Int. Injury on it; The person who has "Waist Agony" status can't have more than 60% of Stance. In addition, if there are 4 Int. Injuries on the victim's Waist, it will be considered as a Broken Waist, which won't disappear until the victim heals all Int. Injuries on their Waist
Reverse - Poison Dragon\nClaw
E·Cast Spd Dn
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: Pyrotoxin applied by the enemy's "Break" techniques on the user will be lowered from "Level 3" to "Level 2" and from "Level 2" to "Level 1". Enemy's "Break" techniques that have Pyrotoxin on them will have greatly reduced Cast Speed.
Reverse - Hade Finger
Increase Your Necrotoxin Resistance
When you start performing this technique, the more the user is poisoned by Necrotoxin, the more the power of this technique will increase; Based on completion percentage of this technique, the user will receive a buff that increases Necrotoxin resistance.
Reverse - Blood Pool\nGhost Claw
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user transfers 1 newly inflicted Internal Injury from each of their body parts to the "Agony" body part of the enemy
Reverse - Lower Body Kick
At the beginning of the battle, the user gains 0 levels of this effect: Whenever the user hits enemy's Head, the power and starting cast progress of this skill increases, accumulating up to 2 levels; When using this skill on a Female, the power of this skill increases significantly
Reverse - Conversely Kick\nof Toad
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user advances 2 distances. Every time this technique is performed, it's Stance and Inhale cost gets greatly reduced, up to a maximum of 3 times.
Reverse - Unpredictable\nKick
Whenever the user accumulates 1 distance back, the power of this technique may increase or decrease, and continue until the user accumulates 1 distance back next time; after the performance of this technique, it will change from Heterodox practice to Orthodox practice
Reverse - Scorpion's Soul\nHook Kick
Increase attack speed
If user's Attack Speed is higher than the enemy's, the power of this technique will be increased; Based on completion percentage of this technique, user will be given a buff that increases Attack Speed.
Reverse - Walk And Kill
While performing this technique, user can retreat up to 3 distance. The farther the user retreats, the more the power of this technique will increase. For every 0.2 distance the user retreats, user will gain 3 points of "Break" True Qi
Reverse - Great Yin-Wind\nKick
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the more Umbritoxin markers user has, the more Internal Injuries and Sealed Acupoints will be added to random body parts of the enemy.
Reverse - Yama Ghost Kick
When hitting the enemy with this technique, the more innate five elements that can restrain the enemy's internal five elements are buried within the field of vision of the user, the more the power of this technique will increase
Reverse - Blood Shadow\nKick
If the user's Break Qi is lower than the initial value and lower than the enemy's Break Qi, the amount of Inhale, Stance, Footwork and Stamina required to use this technique is reduced by 75%, and when used this way the power of this technique is greatly increased, and the user gains 12 points of Break Qi at the end of the technique.
Reverse - Ghost Poison\nSand
Change E·style
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will change up to 2 unusable styles of the enemy into "Toxic" styles
Reverse - Decayed Worm\nSand
When attacking an enemy with this technique, the special effect of the enemy's "Quick" technique cannot take effect if the enemy's Necrotoxin attacks his heart.
Reverse - Bone-Corrosion\nSand
When hitting enemy's Waist, direct damage of this technique increases by 30%; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it depletes enemy's Stance
Reverse - Grave Sand
When user doesn't have enough Styles to perform this technique, user can perform it as a Kick Technique. Effects that can affect Kick Techniques will also affect this technique; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: for every cumulative retreat of 1 distance, user will perform this technique to attack the enemy starting from 50% of its progress without any consumption, and when performed this way, this technique won't give layers of effect.
Reverse - Golden Toad\nVoodoo Sand
When attacking the enemy with this technique, the higher the enemy's Internal Penetration, the more the enemy's Internal Defense will be reduced
Reverse - Lady Poison
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: Whenever user retreats 1 distance, 1 "Toxic" style of the user will be consumed to make the enemy retreat from the user for 1 distance. When enemy moves because of this effect, 1 Sealed Acupoint will appear on a random body part of the enemy.
Reverse - Bloodhound's\nSand
The amount of Pyrotoxin this technique inflicts is greatly increased, but there is a low chance that the user will also get poisoned by a part of this Pyrotoxin; Unless the victim is Immune to Pyrotoxin, the Pyrotoxin applied by this technique will ignore half of the victim's poison resistance
Reverse - Shaolin\nLong Fist
At the start of the battle, the user gains 0 layers of this effect: Whenever the user receives an Internal Injury or Fatal Wound marker due to direct Internal Damage, this effect increases by 1 layer, up to a maximum of 36 layers. Each layer of this effect increases the power of this technique
Reverse - Shaolin\nVajra Palm
Increase the ratio of external power
Based on completion percentage of this technique, the percentage of External Ratio of this technique will be increased. When this technique reaches 100% External Ratio, its power increases greatly, and direct damage inflicted by this technique won't be reduced for any reason.
Reverse - The Great\nLong-Arm Fist
Attack range of this technique is increased; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: The minimum attack range of user gets reduced by 1, and if this technique is performed under this effect, its power will be increased.
Reverse - 68 Moves of\nArhat Fist
This technique can be performed during "Aegis" techniques; Based on completion percentage of this technique, duration of enemy's "Aegis" technique will be greatly depleted
Reverse - The Great Vajra\nFist
Ext. Pen. to Int. Pen.
When attacking enemy with this technique, if user's Strength is higher than the enemy's Strength, a portion of user's External Penetration will be transferred to Internal Penetration; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, 10 points of user's Strength will be consumed to obtain a buff that increases Internal Penetration, and a debuff that decreases External Penetration
Reverse - 18 Hands of\nDharma
Self Int. Pen. buff
When you start performing this technique, the power of this technique will increase if the user's Internal Defense is higher than the user's Internal Penetration; when you attack the enemy with this technique, a part of the user's Internal Penetration will be added to the user's Internal Defense
Reverse - Vajra Prajna\nPalm
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if enemy's dominant element is "Wood" or "Earth", direct damage dealt by this technique will be increased by 90%
Reverse - Demonhunt\nLight Fist
When you start performing this technique, the greater the difference between enemy's standpoint and Rebel, the more the attack range and power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if user's Breath is higher than the enemy's Focus, enemy's standpoint will change to Rebel, and if enemy's standpoint changes from another one to Rebel, the enemy will escape when possible
Reverse - Shaolin\nTiger Claw
Based on completion percentage of this technique, the power of all "Aegis" techniques of the enemy will be reduced until the end of the battle.
Reverse - Shaolin\nFinger Zen
Based on completion percentage of this technique, enemy receives a debuff that reduces External Defense
Reverse - Finger of\nCatching Flower
Increase Direct Internal Damage
As long as this technique is not Resolved with Parry by the enemy, the direct Internal Damage dealt by this technique will be greatly increased and won't be reduced for any reason
Reverse - Great Finger\nof Vajra
When attacking enemy with this technique: user's DES will be greatly increased; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will change 3 Weak Points and 3 Sealed Acupoints on the enemy's attacked body part to Internal Injuries
Reverse - Whirling\nVajra Ring
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: direct Internal Damage taken by the user is reduced by 30%, and user is able to Reflect direct Internal Damage dealt by the enemy; When layers of this effect are exhausted, user immediately performs this technique from 50% of its progress without any consumption, and when performed this way, this technique won't give layers of effect.
Reverse - Shaolin\nDragon Claw
When attacking enemy with this technique: user's DES will be greatly increased; the higher user's DES is compared to the enemy's Hardness, the more user's Internal Penetration will increase, up to 40%
Reverse - Shaolin Staff\nof 6 Directions
Based on completion percentage of this technique, 1 "Aegis" technique of the enemy will be "Sealed" for a very short period of time
Reverse - Shaolin Staff\nof Yin-Yang
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user will gain 2 "Slash" styles
Reverse - QiMei Staff of\n18 Points
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, for every 1 "Slash" style user has, user will have a high chance of gaining a Style Change charge
Reverse - Yakkha Staff
The minimum Attack Range of this technique is increased by 2; When attacking the enemy with this technique, the closer the enemy is to the minimum Attack Range of this technique, the more the power of this technique will be increased
Reverse - Staff of\nSheep-Hunting Tigers
No Inhale consumption
During "Aegis" techniques, the user can perform this technique from 50% of its progress without consuming Inhale
Reverse - Shaolin Staff\nof Madness
While performing this technique, the user restores "attack tokens" twice as fast, and can make weapon attacks. The more times the enemy gets hit by those attacks, the more the Internal Penetration and Attack Range of this technique will increase, up to a maximum of 6 times
Reverse - Skanda Staff
Causes random sealing of points
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 18 layers of this effect: When user is about to receive a Sealed Acupoint, a number or layers of this effect equal to the level of the Sealed Acupoint prevented will be consumed to transfer that Sealed Acupoint to a random body part of the enemy. This effect won't activate any effects that activate by inflicting Sealed Acupoint on the enemy.
Reverse - The Great\nWisdom Bodhi Staff
When you start performing this technique, all available styles of the user will be changed to "Slash" styles. The more styles get changed to "Slash" style, the more power of this technique will be increased; After using, this technique will change from Heterodox to Orthodox version.
Reverse - Dharma Staff
While performing this technique, the user can perform any "Aegis" technique without any cost or preparation, and the higher the power of the "Aegis" technique performed this way, the more the power of this technique will increase, lasting until the end of this technique
Reverse - 36 Close Hands
Cancel Style Loss
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user gains 18 layers of this effect: Whenever the enemy tries to remove a usable style from the user, the same number of layers of this effect will be consumed to cancel it out
Reverse - Duck Shape Fist
Increase Enemy Crisis
When you start performing this technique, the higher the enemy's sense of crisis is, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique fails to reach $0$0% completion, enemy's sense of crisis will be increased
Reverse - 12 Hands of\nSilk Fist
As long as this technique isn't Resolved with Evasion by the enemy, the direct Internal Damage dealt by this technique will be greatly increased and won't be reduced for any reason.
Reverse - White Ape's\nLong-Arm Fist
Based on completion percentage of this technique, greatly consumes the duration of enemy's "Quick" technique
Reverse - Transfer Flower\nPicker
Int. Def. to Ext. Def.
When attacking the enemy with this technique, if the user's Agility is higher than the enemy's Agility, a portion of enemy's Internal Defense will be transferred to External Defense; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, 10 points of user's Agility will be consumed to inflict enemy with a buff that increases External Defense, and a debuff that decreases Internal Defense
Reverse - Heavenly Spirit\nThunder Palm
At the start of the battle, the user gains 3 layers of this effect: This technique will start from 50% of cast progress, and user's Int. Pen. when using this technique will be greatly increased, but the more layers of this effect remain, the more the user's Inhale Recovery speed will be reduced
Reverse - Vajra Samadhi\nPalm
Reduce Enemy Int. Def.
This technique cannot be interrupted; This technique will always reach $0$0% completion; The higher the enemy's External Defense, the more their Internal Defense will be reduced, up to a half. For every hit made by this technique that misses, user needs to consume 5 points of "Nadis" True Qi, otherwise these effects won't activate.
Reverse - Emei Eagle Claw
Based on completion percentage of this technique, the power of all "Quick" techniques of the enemy will be reduced until the end of the battle.
Reverse - Emei Finger Zen
Based on completion percentage of this technique, enemy receives a debuff that reduces Internal Defense
Reverse - Lame Fight\n80 Moves
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, for every 1 "Hold" style user has, user will have a high chance of gaining a Style Change charge
Reverse - Split Flower
When attacking the enemy with this technique, ignore Armor on the attacked body part; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user gains 4 layers of this effect: if Might, Finesse, or Swiftness of the enemy's attack is higher than the enemy's Diversion, Parry, or Evasion, enemy's corresponding Resolve stat multiplied by 1.5 replaces the Accuracy stat
Reverse - Lighten Finger
The Attack Range of this technique is always the maximum; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user will pull the enemy closer 4 distance, and if the distance between the enemy and the user after being pulled closer is not lower than 4, user will deal the same damage to the enemy again
Reverse - A Thousand\nHands
Increase Attack Token Consumption
This technique can't be "Sealed" or "Interrupted"; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user gains 4 layers of this effect: Weapon attacks that cost 2 or less attack tokens will cost 1 more attack token, but the Might, Finesse, and Swiftness of these attacks will be greatly increased
Reverse - The Great\nFinger of Mt.Light
When you start performing this technique, the lower the user's Fame, the more the power of this technique will increase; If the user's Fame isn't higher than the enemy's, this technique will always reach 100% completion
Reverse - Heavenly Spirit\nFinger
Weak Points Appears
Level of Weak Points caused by this technique won't be reduced for any reason; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user gains 7 layers of this effect: Whenever the enemy removes a Weak Point with a level less than 4, the Weak Point will reappear with a level increased by 1. This effect won't activate any effects that activate by inflicting Weak Points on the enemy
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Flower Brush
Reduce Enemy's Swiftness
After this technique reaches at least $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: The less layers of this effect remain, the more enemy's Swiftness will be reduced when attacking the user
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Hidden Swordmaster
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user will gain 2 "Stab" styles
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof White Eyebrow
Decrease Power of Enemy's Quick
When hitting enemy's Head, direct damage of this technique increases by 30%; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it reduces power of 1 random "Quick" technique of the enemy until the end of the battle.
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Lotus
When this technique inflicts at least 1 direct Internal Injury or Fatal Wound to the enemy, it inflicts 1 additional higher leveled Sealed Acupoint on the enemy's attacked body part.
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Yue Maiden
Chance of descending enemy pursuit
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 7 layers of this effect: Enemy's follow-up attack chance will be greatly reduced.
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Remnant Rainbow
At the start of the battle, user gains 0 layers of this effect: Whenever the user loses a Style, this effect increases by 1 layer, up to a maximum of 9 layers; The more layers the user has, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, layers of this effect will go back to 0.
Reverse - Divine\nSwordsmanship of Pure Girl
While performing this technique, user can actively perform any "Break" technique with an Internal Ratio of at least 60% without preparation, increasing the power and cast progress of this technique based on the tier of the used "Break" technique; Once that technique and any additional techniques it might perform reach $0$0% completion, continue to perform this technique.
Reverse - Stab of\n5 Elements
Based on completion percentage of this technique, 1 "Quick" technique of the enemy will be "Sealed" for a very short period of time
Reverse - Stab of Lost Soul
Lower enemy's Counterattack Accuracy
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: enemy's Accuracy when Countering user will be greatly decreased.
Reverse - Beauty Stab
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the distance between the user and the enemy is more than the enemy's minimum attack range, user will immediately advance to the enemy's minimum attack range without consumption.
Reverse - Stab of\nDexterity Snake
When you start performing this technique, the more Agility the user has consumed, the more the power of this technique will increase
Reverse - Shadow Stab
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the enemy's "Quick" True Qi isn't lower than its initial value, the user will steal 15 points of "Quick" True Qi from the enemy. Otherwise, the user will steal 5 points
Reverse - Divine Needle\nof Meditation Wisdom
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, enemy loses all memories of this battle. Power of all techniques used by the enemy before enemy lost memories will be greatly reduced, lasting until the end of the battle
Reverse - Pure Girl's Stab
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the user gains 3 layers of this effect: Whenever the enemy Counters an attack, the user gains 1 random available style. If the enemy fails to Counter an attack, the user will immediately perform this technique without consumption, and the power of this technique will be greatly increased. When performed this way, this technique won't give layers of effect
Reverse - Immortal\nNeedle of Golden Top
When you start performing this technique, all available styles of the user will be changed to "Stab" styles. The more styles get changed to "Stab" style, the more power of this technique will be increased; After using, this technique will change from Heterodox to Orthodox version.
Reverse - Needle Finger
Reduce Enemy's Finesse
After this technique reaches at least $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: The less layers of this effect remain, the more enemy's Finesse will be reduced when attacking the user
Reverse - Rejuvenation\nFinger
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: Umbritoxin applied by the enemy's "Break" techniques on the user will be lowered from "Level 3" to "Level 2" and from "Level 2" to "Level 1". User's Umbritoxin Resistance will also be increased according to the number of remaining layers
Reverse - Finger Magenta
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, for every 2 "Point" styles on the user's weapon, 1 random Weak Point on the enemy will increase by 1 level.
Reverse - Blue And White\nFlower Beauty
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 10 layers of this effect: Oneirotoxin applied by the enemy's "Break" techniques on the user will be lowered from "Level 3" to "Level 2" and from "Level 2" to "Level 1". User will be able to Deflect enemy's "Break" techniques that have Oneirotoxin on them, and if enemy's technique fails to break user's Deflect, enemy will suffer backlash damage from this technique
Reverse - Flower Rain
For every $0$0% of completion of this technique, user has a low chance of inflicting 1 additional Weak Point on the enemy
Reverse - The Great\nFlower Finger of Mandala
Increase Your Oneirotoxin Resistance
When you start performing this technique, the more the user is poisoned by Oneirotoxin, the more the power of this technique will increase; Based on completion percentage of this technique, the user will receive a buff that increases Oneirotoxin resistance.
Reverse - Flower Spirit\nMoon Finger
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if enemy's dominant element is "Fire" or "Metal", direct damage dealt by this technique will be increased by 90%
Reverse - A Hundred\nFlower Fight
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, 1 Old Injury marker will be added to all body parts of the enemy that have Weak Points
Reverse - 8 Moves of\nBlood Red Flower
Dec. Health to Inc. Injury
Unless this technique is retrained, its Way will not be changed for any reason; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion: User consumes a part of the enemy's Health, and changes it into the user's Health limit, which can be accumulated up to 80 years of life. This effect lasts until this technique is retrained, or the user dies; Whenever the user inflicts a Fatal Wound on the enemy, 4 years of this accumulated life will be consumed to increase it by 1
Reverse - Needle Control
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, for every 1 "Drive" style user has, user will have a high chance of gaining a Style Change charge
Reverse - 5 Elements\nPinprick
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user will gain 2 "Drive" styles
Reverse - Chilling Pinprick
Increase Your Cryotoxin Resistance
When you start performing this technique, the more the user is poisoned by Cryotoxin, the more the power of this technique will increase; Based on completion percentage of this technique, the user will receive a buff that increases Cryotoxin resistance.
Reverse - Bianque Pinprick
When the cast progress of this technique reaches 100%, the user will perform 1 "Detox" that doesn't consume a "Detox" attempt, but can only cure newly inflicted Poison. The more Poison this "Detox" eliminates, the more the power of this technique will be increased
Reverse - Vitality\nLosing Pinprick
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if the enemy's "Nadis" True Qi isn't lower than its initial value, the user will steal 15 points of "Nadis" True Qi from the enemy. Otherwise, the user will steal 5 points
Reverse - Deadly Pinprick
Int. Dmg. to Fatal Dmg.
All Internal Damage dealt by this technique will turn into Fatal Wound Damage. For every 1 Fatal Wound marker this technique inflicts, a random External Injury on the enemy's body will worsen
Reverse - 9-Needle Strike
Apply Oneirotoxin to Yourself
The amount of Oneirotoxin this technique inflicts is greatly increased, but there is a low chance that the user will also get poisoned by a part of this Oneirotoxin; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, up to 3 techniques of the enemy that have Internal Ratio of 60% or higher will be Sealed for a long period of time
Reverse - Meridian\nBreaking Pinprick
When attacking enemy with this technique, the more the user is poisoned with Umbritoxin, the more direct damage this technique will deal; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the more the user is poisoned with Umbritoxin, the more "Break", "Quick", "Aegis", and "Nadis" True Qi the enemy will lose, and for a certain period of time the enemy's True Qi won't naturally recover
Reverse - 12-String\nNeedles
When attacking enemy with this technique, the user will consume up to 12 Style Change charges. For every 4 consumed charges, a Weak Point will appear on the attacked body part of the enemy; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: Layers of this effect can be used as Style Change charges, and whenever the user hits the enemy with a Style Change attack, based on what body part was hit, enemy's Internal Element will change in this battle
Reverse - Cloud And Stream
Stance instead of Inhale
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: User's Inhale requirements to actively perform techniques will completely change to requiring Stance instead, and the Stance used this way will partially restore user's Inhale
Reverse - Home Forgetting
Reduced enemy attack range
When you start performing this technique, the better the enemy's Mood is, the more the power of this technique increases; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, attack range of enemy's next "Break" technique decreases based on how high enemy's Mood is; At the end of this technique, based on completion percentage of this technique enemy gains a buff that improves their Mood.
Reverse - Phoenix Arrival
Reduce BRE and FOC
When you start performing this technique, if the user's Karma is higher than the enemy's Karma, user's Karma will be added to the power of this technique, and if the user's Perception is also higher than the enemy's Perception, enemy will receive a debuff that decreases Breath and Focus
Reverse - Imperial\nConcubine
When you start performing this technique, all of enemy's True Qi that is above the initial value will be reduced by 3 point; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, all of enemy's True Qi that is above the initial value will again be reduced by a maximum of 6 points
Reverse - Flowers Sigh
Dec. enemy's Seven Instincts
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it removes all buffs on the enemy with at least 300% intensity, and based on the number of removed buffs, it applies debuffs that decrease all Seven Instincts of the enemy
Reverse - Burydeer Orchid
Elimination of Daze markers
When you start performing this technique, the more Daze markers both the user and the enemy have, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will randomly remove from 2 to 4 Daze markers from the user, and randomly add from 2 to 4 Daze markers to the enemy
Reverse - The World\nAmused
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will randomly greatly reduce the power of 1 "Break", 1 "Quick", 1 "Aegis" and 1 "Nadis" techniques of the enemy that haven't been weakened by this technique yet, lasting until the end of the battle.
Reverse - Wudang\nLong Fist
Based on completion percentage of this technique, 1 "Nadis" technique of the enemy will be "Sealed" for a very short period of time
Reverse - Wind Chasing\nPalm
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user will gain 2 "Hold" styles
Reverse - Wudang Soft\nPalm
When hitting enemy with this technique, enemy's Armor will be ignored; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: When user is attacked by the enemy's technique, it consumes 10 points of the user's Vitality to increase user's External and Internal Defense
Reverse - The 8 Trigrams Palm
At the start of the battle, the user gains 0 layers of this effect: For every 1 distance the user moves, this effect increases by 1 layer, up to 5 layers. The higher the number of layers of this effect, the less Inhale and Stance the user needs to consume when performing this technique, and the more the user's Diversion, Parry and Evasion will increase; After this technique is used, this effect decreases by 1 layer
Reverse - The Ultra One\nUnfettered Palm
While performing this technique, user can retreat up to 3 distance. The farther the user retreats, the more the power of this technique will increase. For every 0.2 distance the user retreats, user will gain 3 points of "Nadis" True Qi
Reverse - Divine Fist
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the power of 3 "Metal", 2 "Wood", and 1 "Fire" techniques of the enemy will be reduced until the end of the battle.
Reverse - Wudang\nPure Yang Fist
While enemy is performing a "Break" technique with an External Ratio of 50% or more, user can start performing this technique from 50% of its progress. When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it will "Interrupt" enemy's "Break" technique that has External Ratio of 50% or more.
Reverse - Purple Yang\nUpright Fist
This technique cannot be reflected; When you start performing this technique, the higher the Internal Breath stat of the user, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, enemy's Qi Disorder will be greatly increased.
Reverse - Taichi Fist
At the start of the battle, or when this technique changes from Orthodox practice to Heterodox practice, the user gains 20 layers of this effect: When the enemy Resolves or Deflects user's non-Breath weapon attack, the "Borrowed Power" of this technique will be accumulated based on the user's ATK and Defense stats. The higher the power of this technique, the higher the accumulation rate; The "Borrowed Power" accumulated by this technique will increase direct damage dealt by the user's techniques; After using this technique, it will change from Heterodox practice to Orthodox practice.
Reverse - Wudang\nSwordsmanship
Based on completion percentage of this technique, the power of all "Nadis" techniques of the enemy will be reduced until the end of the battle.
Reverse - Wudang\nSwordsmanship of Unfettered
While performing this technique, user can retreat up to 2 distances without consuming Stamina
Reverse - Plain Rainbow\nSword
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: Whenever enemy advances 1 distance, user will immediately retreat 1 distance. When layers of this effect get exhausted, if the enemy is within the user's attack range, user will immediately perform this technique from 75% of its progress without any consumption. When performed this way, this technique won't give layers of effect.
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof The Ultra One Mysterious
When you start performing this technique, the more Vitality the user has consumed, the more the power of this technique will increase
Reverse - Pure Yang\nSword Intent
When you start performing this technique, if the user is not a virgin, the power of this technique will be increased based on the user's Int Ratio Bonus
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Roving Dragon
Advancement while operating
At the start of the battle, user gains 0 layers of this effect: Whenever user retreats 1 distance while not casting any technique, this effect increases by 1 layer, up to 4 layers; Under this effect, user can advance a distance equal to the number of layers of this effect during the cast of any "Break" technique with halved Stamina and Footwork consumption. This effect decreases by 1 layer for every 2 distances advanced during the cast of "Break" techniques.
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Taichi
Reduction of enemy's defense
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 5 layers of this effect: When enemy attacks the user with a weapon, the chances of non-Breath attacks hitting the user are greatly reduced, and whenever the user Resolves enemy's attack that isn't a follow-up or Breath attack, enemy will receive a debuff that reduces External and Internal Defense
Reverse - Congenital\nYoungyang Sword Intent
If the user's real age is not lower than 40, the power of this technique won't be reduced for any reason; The higher the real age of the user, the more the power of this technique will increase when used.
Reverse - Limitless\nSword Form
When enemy doesn't have any available styles, this technique can be performed without any styles; When attacking enemy with this technique, if the enemy doesn't have any available styles, the attack range of this technique changes to the maximum, the power of this technique increases greatly. this technique will always reach $0$0% completion, and this technique cannot be reflected.
Reverse - Whisk Swipe
Based on completion percentage of this technique, it increases enemy's Qi Disorder
Reverse - Wudang\nMetallic Swipe
When hitting an enemy with this technique, this technique will additionally hit 1 other body part of the enemy that has the biggest amount of strongest Sealed Acupoints
Reverse - Taichi Swipe
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: Any "Whisk" technique performed by the user will transform from Orthodox to Heterodox version, and power of the transformed "Whisk" technique will be greatly increased.
Reverse - Laojun Swipe
At the start of the battle, user gains 6 layers of this effect: Whenever the total number of user's defeat markers exceeds half of the defeat condition, these layers will be consumed to remove user's Impairment markers; For every Impairment marker removed, 1 layer of this effect will be consumed; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, 1 layer of this effect will be restored, up to a maximum of 3 layers
Reverse - Yin-Yang Invert
Restraint against practicing strange tricks
The enemy will use External Defense to resist the direct Internal damage dealt by this technique; While performing this technique, all of the enemy's Heterodox "Nadis" techniques won't work
Reverse - The Ultra One\nSwipe
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the higher the Qi Disorder of the enemy, the higher the number and level of Sealed Acupoints caused by this technique will be.
Reverse - Heavy Swipe
When you start performing this technique, the higher the Qi Disorder of the enemy, the more the power of this technique will increase; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the higher the Qi Disorder of the enemy, the more direct damage this technique will deal.
Reverse - Formless Swipe
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it completely eliminates power buff effects of 3 skills of the enemy received during this battle, increases enemy's Qi Disorder, and increases power of this technique based on how much power was decreased from removing power buffs, lasting until the end of the battle
Reverse - Yuanshan\nJump Kick
Whenever the user uses "Sword" to chase the enemy at least 2 times, if the enemy is within the attack range of this technique, the user will immediately perform this technique to attack the enemy without consumption starting from 50% of the performance progress; after the performance of this technique is finished, it will change from Heterodox training to Orthodox training
Reverse - Mandarin Duck\nCombo Kick
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the Inhale, Footwork, and Stamina required to perform this technique will be reduced by up to 75%, lasting until the end of the battle
Reverse - Tiger Tail
At the start of the battle, user gains 3 layers of this effect: When enemy attacks the user from a distance lower than the user's minimum attack range, the attack range of this technique becomes greatly increased, and user immediately performs this technique from 50% of its progress without any consumption; When active performance of this skill reaches $0$0% completion, this effect regains 1 layer
Reverse - 8 Steps of\nSquared Up
While performing this technique, user can retreat up to 3 distances. For every 0.2 distance the user retreats, 1 Impairment marker received by the user while performing this technique will be transferred to the enemy
Reverse - The Great Vajra\nKick
When attacking enemy with this technique: user's DES will be greatly increased; Based on power of this technique, enemy will be pulled forward up to 5 distances, and if the enemy is pulled forward closer than their minimum attack range, 3 high level Weak Points will be randomly added to the enemy
Reverse - Kick of\nMove The Mountain
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, the power of 3 "Water", 2 "Fire", and 1 "Earth" techniques of the enemy will be reduced until the end of the battle.
Reverse - Cloud Dragon\n9 Kick
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 8 layers of this effect: Whenever user retreats 0.2 distance in a row, the number of layers of this effect will decrease by 1. If the enemy is within the attack range of this technique, user only needs to consume 10% of their Stamina to perform this technique again from 50% of its progress. When performed this way, this technique won't give layers of effect.
Reverse - Divine Kick of\nAo King
While performing this technique, the enemy will be continuously drawn into the center of this technique's attack range. Once the enemy gets close to the center of this technique's attack range, based on the enemy's External and Internal Deflect's highest value, the enemy will continuously receive indirect External and Internal damage to random body parts, and depletion of External and Internal Deflect
Reverse - Holy White\nElephant With 6 Tusks
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: If this technique isn't Sealed, this effect will be increased by 1 layer whenever the user receives a Sealed Acupoint, Internal Injury, Fatal Wound, or Daze marker; When layers of this effect reach 4, this technique will become immune to being Sealed, Interrupted, or Resolved; When layers of this effect reach 8, the user will become undefeatable, and layers of this effect will automatically increase over time; When layers of this effect reach 12, all layers of this effect will be consumed to remove half of the Sealed Acupoints, Internal Injury, Fatal Wound, or Daze markers from the user
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Arhat
Increase Enemy's Weapon Cooldown
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, switch cooldown of 1 enemy weapon will be increased by 50%. If the weapon held by the user is a "Blade", user will gain 2 "attack tokens"
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Pudu
When defeating an enemy in a deadly fight with this technique, if the enemy is already evil but not demonized, it increases the enemy's degree of demonization and imprisons the enemy
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Seventy Two Rages
Whenever the weapon used by the user switches from a non-sword to a sword, the power of this technique increases dramatically and continues until the user performs this technique.
Reverse - Great Mercy Sword
When hitting enemy's Arm, direct damage of this technique increases by 45%; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, it fully depletes enemy's Stamina and Footwork
Reverse - Manjushri's Great\nWisdom Sword
Prohibition of enemy gain
When attacking an enemy with this technique, if the user uses a weapon other than a "sword", the special effects of the enemy's "Aegis" and "Quick" techniques will not be effective.
Reverse - Skanda's EvilSubduing Sword
At the start of the battle, user gains 4 layers of this effect: Whenever the user performs another "Blade Technique" of a tier lower than this technique and it reaches $0$0% completion, user retreats 2 distance. If the enemy is still within the user's attack range, the user will start performing this technique starting from 50% of progress without any consumption; Whenever the user switches from a non-"Sword" weapon to a "Sword" weapon, this effect increases by 1 layer
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Supreme Bodhi
Reverse power enhancement
This technique cannot be reflected; After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 2 layers of this effect: When enemy performs a "Break" technique, any power buff affecting that technique will be temporarily doubled and changed into a power debuff
Reverse - Swordsmanship\nof Dharma
E·PhD·QiD Dn
Based on completion percentage of this technique and the amount of Stance consumed by the user, user will gain up to 200 layers of this effect: When user performs a "Break" technique, layers of this effect will replace the Inhale consumption, and the more layers get consumed, the more enemy's Ext. and Int. Defense will be reduced.
Reverse - Blade of\nTrigrams And Elements
After this technique reaches $0$0% completion, switch cooldown of 1 enemy weapon will be increased by 50%. If the weapon held by the user is a "Sword", user will gain 2 "attack tokens"
Reverse - Blade of\n6 Directions
Based on completion percentage of this technique, user receives a buff that increases Minimum Attack Range
Reverse - Tiger Step\n8 Poles Blade
Whenever the weapon used by the user switches from a non-sword to a sword, the power of this technique increases dramatically and lasts until the user performs this technique.
Reverse - Taiyi\nGolden Blade
Extend Sealed Acupoints Duration
When hitting enemy's Leg, direct damage of this technique increases by 45%; When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, duration of all Sealed Acupoints on the enemy gets increased to the maximum
Reverse - Blade of 7 Star
When attacking an enemy with this technique, if the user uses a weapon other than a "sword", the special effects of the enemy's "Aegis" and "Quick" techniques will not be effective.
Reverse - Blade of Endless
At the start of the battle, user gains 4 layers of this effect: Whenever the user performs another "Sword Technique" of a tier lower than this technique and it reaches $0$0% completion, user advances 2 distance. If the enemy is still within the user's attack range, the user will start performing this technique starting from 50% of progress without any consumption; Whenever the user switches from a non-"Blade" weapon to a "Blade" weapon, this effect increases by 1 layer
Reverse - Heavenly Spirit\nBlade
When this technique reaches $0$0% completion, if enemy's dominant element is "Water" or "Fire", direct damage dealt by this technique will be increased by 90%
Reverse - Divine Blade\nof Mysterious
Based on completion percentage of this technique and the amount of Inhale consumed by the user, user will gain up to 200 layers of this effect: When user performs a "Break" technique, layers of this effect will replace the Stance consumption, and the more layers get consumed, the more enemy's Ext. and Int. Defense will be reduced.
DIV
Diversion
Enemy lost part of skill power
PAR
Parry
EVA
Evasion
Resolve
Escape Failed
Escape is blocked
Escape interrupted due to being hit while escaping
Heal
Heal All Injuries
Heal yourself
Insufficient quantity of herbs
Reduced treatment effect
Insufficient quantity of herbs and reduced therapeutic effect
Detox
Reduce All poisons
Detox yourself
Reduced poison repellent effect
The amount of Herbs is insufficient, the Detox effect is reduced
Activate Force
Inhale·Stance Up
Immediately brings the user's Inhale and Stance to 100%.
Internal Conflicted
Self-Injured
The properties of one's own internal energy and the properties of the technique performed are conflicting and cause damage to oneself and disruption of internal breath
Reversed Inner Arts
Qi instability
Increase Qi instability due to the Heterodox Understanding of inner arts you activated
Ele Adv·Offensive
Increase skill damage due to the elemental advantage to the enemy
Ele Adv·Defensive
Reduce your damage received due the elemental advantage to the enemy
TA·Acritoxin
Ext Poison Dmg
It activates when 6 weapon attacks are performed in battle, produces Pyrotoxin, and causes External Injuries according to the amount of existing poison
TA·Umbritoxin
Int Poison Dmg
It activates when you move 3 distance in battle, produces Cryotoxin, and causes Internal Injuries according to the amount of existing poison
TA·Cryotoxin
Worsen Int injuries
It activates when a total of 100% of victims Inhale is consumed in battle, produces Oneirotoxin, and worsens existing Internal Injuries according to the amount of existing poison.
TA·Pyrotoxin
Worsen Ext injuries
It activates when a total of 100% of victims Stance is consumed in battle, produces Necrotoxin, and worsens existing External Injuries according to the amount of existing poison.
TA·Necrotoxin
Lasting Reduction of Ext. Defense
It continuously generates Acritoxin, during the battle, and reduces the External Defense according to the amount of existing poison.
TA·Oneirotoxin
Lasting Reduction of Int. Defense
It continuously generates Umbritoxin during the battle, and reduces Internal Defense according to the amount of existing poison.
Receiving Moves
First move!
Receive a few moves and survive to win! Enemy skills are cast without any consumption.
Second move!
Third move!
Fourth move!
Fifth move!
Sixth move!
Seventh move!
Eighth move!
Ninth move!
Last move!
Life·Protection
When the enemy's attack damages your armor, decrease the external damage that you suffer from this attack.
Life·Reflection
Ext Reflect
When this protective equipment loses durability due to opponent's attack, rebound part of the external injury to your opponent.
Qi·Protection
When the enemy's attack damages your armor, decrease the internal damage that you suffer from this attack.
Qi·Reflection
Int Reflect
When this protective equipment loses durability due to opponent's attack, rebound part of the internal injury to your opponent.
Actual Combat Practice
Practice % Up
Because of using the skill in actual combat, increase the Practice Proportion of this skill
Qi Disorientation
Injury of internal breath disorder
Damage to oneself due to excessive disturbance of internal energy during the exercise of technique
Corrupted
The lower the reputation of the enemy, the more the Might, Finesse, Swiftness and Breath is improved
Demoniac
The more enemy's various types of defeat markers, the longer the distance of the attack of dispelling goodness
FoulVisage
Eye-calling greatly increases the negative effect of the Weak Points that appear on the enemy
EvilUprise
The happier or more painful the enemy's "mood" is, the more the demon heart will show the External Pen. and Int. Pen..
A·Sinster
Random Heal
Whenever an enemy performs the "Orthodox training" technique, it makes the random injuries on the enemy's body significantly worse; whenever an enemy performs the "Heterodox training" technique, it makes the random injuries on the hundred evils significantly less severe
The·FN
The Nine Tribes of the Fallen Heart continuously apply different types of "Levels 2" poisons to the enemy depending on the enemy's internal energy elemental values
The·C
According to the enemy's standpoint significantly reduces certain attributes: Just enemy's MOV·Spd and Ext. Recovery; Kind enemy's Equipment Efficiency and Attack Speed; Even enemy's Inhale Recovery and Stance Recovery; Rebel enemy's Internal Breath and Int Ratio Bonus; Egoist enemy's Cast Speed and Int. Recovery.
God·S
Divine Break Protector significantly reduces the enemy's Ext. and Int. Defense and Penetration depending on the enemy's level of enchantment
Hell Master
Whenever Hell Master inflicts an injury or a Fatal Wound on an enemy with direct damage, Hell Master draws a random type of True Qi from the enemy's body
Goddess Counterattack
Weaving of MoNyu!
When Mo Nyu is defeated for the first time, she will enter a new battle phase: Mo Nyu's chance of follow-up attacks is greatly increased and the damage dealt by follow-up attacks is increased by 200%
Evil-Vanquisher
Vanquish Evil！
The first time Danyue Yaochang is defeated, he will enter a new stage of combat: every weapon attack of Danyue Yaochang can "interrupt" the enemy's ongoing techniques
Glacial Aura
Glacial Vassal！
When Jiu Han is defeated for the first time, it will enter a new stage of battle: as long as the enemy is within the range of Jiu Han's attack, the enemy's Inhale and Stance cannot recover on their own
Seven Wenceslas
Phoenix Cocoon！
When Jin Huo'er is defeated for the first time, it will enter a new combat phase: all types of Jin Huo'er's True Qi will be continuously increased by 1 point at the same time; once all of Jin Huo'er's True Qi is 2 times or more than the enemy's corresponding type of True Qi, Jin Huo'er will be protected from all direct damage caused by the enemy
Matchless Beauty
Spirit Smelting！
When Yi Yi Hou is defeated for the first time, he will enter a new phase of the battle: as long as Yi Yi Hou has more styles available than the enemy has available, the direct damage dealt by Yi Yi Hou's divine power to the enemy will become 10 times greater, and cannot be reflected.
Dragonborn
Draconic Anima！
When Wei Qi is defeated for the first time, he will enter a new phase of the battle: Wei Qi's external and internal injuries will quickly remove themselves with time
Animator of Jade
Anchorite！
The first time Yi Xiang is defeated, he will enter a new phase of the battle: the more Yi Xiang's Stamina is left, the more Yi Xiang's Diversion, Parry, Evasion, and Focus will be improved
Octobrachial Octopod
Infernal Acerjail！
When Xue Feng is defeated for the first time, it will enter a new combat phase: all direct damage dealt by Xue Feng to the enemy is significantly increased; all direct damage dealt by the enemy to Xue Feng is significantly reduced
Celestial Edict
Wonderglow！
The first time the art side is defeated, it will enter a new phase of combat: when the enemy deals direct damage to the art side, the greater the difference between the ratio of internal and external damage of this damage, the more damage the art side will reflect to the enemy
XiangShu
FuYu！
When the XiangShu is defeated for the first time, it will enter a new phase of the battle: when the enemy has less than 9 reincarnations, for every difference the XiangShu has a very high chance of dealing 30% more direct damage to the enemy, and the enemy has a very high chance of dealing 15% less direct damage to the XiangShu
Ten revolutions of dusty heart
Whenever Dyeing Duster calls out a different Excalibur, Dyeing Duster's True Qi of all types increases dramatically
Kneel Before The King
When Huan Xin is defeated for the first time, it will enter a new combat phase: whenever Huan Xin's attack is resolved, apply 1 buff that increases the corresponding Accuracy of Huan Xin; whenever Huan Xin fails to resolve an enemy attack, apply 1 buff that increases the corresponding Resolve of Huan Xin
No Dye
Purple bamboo spirit illusion birth!
When Zi Wuxiao is defeated for the first time, she will enter a new stage of battle: Whenever Zi Wuxiao's "Break" technique becomes 100% powerful, she will add 1 death mark to the enemy, the more death marks there are, the more the power of all the enemy's techniques will be increased, once the enemy has 6 death marks, the enemy will be defeated and his health will be reduced to 0
No change in blazing heart
The language Porphyra phantom born!
When the Long Yufu is defeated for the first time, she will enter a new phase of the battle: the direct injuries inflicted by the Long Yufu on different body parts of the enemy increase according to the injuries on body parts of the Long Yufu; the direct injuries inflicted by the enemy on different parts of the Long Yufu decrease according to the injuries inflicted on different parts of the enemy
descend to the immortals
When you move with this divine power, Mo Nyu needs to accumulate power, the more power you accumulate, the farther Mo Nyu will move, up to 12 distance
Evil and Rebellion
When moving with this divine power, Dayue Yaochang needs to accumulate power to move 3 distances at once, and then completely eliminate the 3 effects of the enemy's continuous enhancement of the power of techniques received in this battle
Chapters on Ice
During the duration of this divine power, as long as the enemy moves within the range of Jiu Han's attack, the enemy's Stamina and Footwork consumption will be greatly increased
Six Elephants
Freedom from effects
During the duration of this power, Jin Huo'er is protected from "Pushed", "Pulled", "Block", "Interrupt", "Weak Point", and "Sealed Acupoint".
Memories of Flying Smoke
When moving with this divine power, Yi Yi Hou needs to accumulate power, the more power accumulated, the farther Yi Yi Hou moves, up to 4 distance, and the farther Yi Yi Hou moves, the more the enemy will lose the style
Defeated Dragon Submerged Abyss
When moving with this divine power, the higher the number of defeat markers of Weiqi, the more the consumption when moving is reduced
Mirror image
Injuries from changes
During the duration of this divine power: Yi Xiang's Stamina is continuously restored; All direct damage taken by Yi Xiang will be changed to the loss of Footwork
bleeding and sculling
Increase the power of the gods
The power of this divine power will increase dramatically with the number of injuries of Xue Feng
ride the light and cloak the haze
When moving with this divine power, the operator needs to accumulate power. After accumulating power, the operator can appear at any distance without triggering various movement effects
Magic I am free
Distance cannot be changed
When performing this divine power, the Xiangshu will appear at the required distance. During the duration of this divine power, the distance between the user and the enemy cannot be changed by any means, and the attack range of the Xiangshu will be changed to the maximum
Dust Dye
During the duration of this divine power, whenever the Ran Chenzi hits an enemy, it will cause 1 of the enemy's techniques that are not permanently blocked to be "blocked" for a short time.
Transformation of the sword
Increase of your own divine style
During the duration of this divine power, Hwanshin will gain 1 "God" style for every cumulative distance he moves.
demon lure
During the duration of this divine power: the movement speed of Zi Wuxiao will not be reduced for any reason; the movement of Zi Wuxiao will only be the change of the distance between the enemy and us, and will not trigger all kinds of movement effects, but the movement speed of Zi Wuxiao will still affect the speed of the change of the distance between the enemy and us
Shenhua Jiuyao
When moving with this divine power, the dragon whispering por need to accumulate power to move 1 distance at a time, whenever the dragon whispering por accumulate power to move at least 3 times, the dragon whispering por immediately to the enemy can not be countered, can not be countered shock, inevitably 5 chase weapon attack
Clouds and water into spiritual clothes
When defending with this divine power, the more poison markers the enemy has, the higher the chance that Mo Nyu will directly neutralize the enemy's attack
Undefeated
Immunity from direct damage
When defending with this divine power, Dayue Yaochang is protected from all injuries and Fatal Wounds caused by direct damage that would cause a total number of injuries on a body part to reach 6
Frost and Ice
When defending with this divine power, whenever the enemy hits Jiu Han, the enemy's Inhale and Stance will be reduced
Nine Pods
Random assignment of injuries
At the end of this divine defense, Jin Huang'er's Injuries will be evenly distributed across all of her body parts, and she will remove all Injuries from the body parts with the most Injuries
Heart flower and start a dream
Change of defeat markers
When defending with this divine power, Yi Yihou is protected from "Weak Points" and "Sealed Acupoints", and all defeat marks received will turn into Daze markers.
Skeleton armor
When defending with this divine power, all direct damage received by Wei Qi will change to the loss of defense duration
Resting Earth Devouring Spirit
When defending with this divine power, whenever an enemy hits, 3 points of a random type of true qi will be stolen from them.
Maple God Called to Order
Changes in injuries sustained
When defending with this divine power: Whenever Xue Feng receives direct damage, it will first change the existing newly inflicted Injuries on Xue Feng to Old Injuries. Only when all of Xue Feng's Injuries are Old will he receive new ones again
Three Elements and Nine Transportations
Transfer of defeat markers
When defending with this divine power, the artist continuously transfers his random defeat mark to the enemy
Xuan Jie Jie God
Induced position damage
When defending with this divine power, the Sagashiki will continue to cause external injuries to the righteous enemy, internal injuries to the benevolent enemy, poisoning to the neutral enemy, blocking to the rebellious enemy, and breaking to the egoistic enemy, depending on the enemy's position in the world.
No extinction of stone heart
Accelerated marker removal
When defending with this divine power, the dusty child is protected from heavy damage, and all of the dusty child's marks of defeat that fade over time will disappear twice as fast.
Phantom Heart
When defending with this divine power, for every 1 buff that Huan Xin has, all direct damage taken is reduced by 15%
the moon in a false sense
Increase counterattack damage
When defending with this divine power: the direct damage inflicted by the enemy on Zi Wuxiao is reduced according to the number of the enemy's Mark of Certain Death; the Counter damage inflicted by Zi Wuxiao on the enemy is increased according to the number of the enemy's Mark of Certain Death
Di Zhao Xuan Huo Seal
When defending with this divine power, the Reflect damage dealt to the enemy by the Long Yufu increases according to the number of injuries on the attacked part of the Long Yufu
Donglai Yiqi
The direct damage inflicted by Mo Nyu on characters with the dominant internal element of "Earth" is greatly increased; the direct damage inflicted by characters with the dominant internal element of "Metal" on Mo Nyu is greatly increased
Vajra Breaks Evil
The direct damage dealt by Dayue Yaochang to characters with the dominant internal element "Wood" is greatly increased; the direct damage dealt by characters with the dominant internal element "Fire" to Dayue Yaochang is greatly increased
The Nine Netherworlds
The direct damage dealt by Jiu Han to characters with internal energy attribute "Fire" is greatly increased; the direct damage dealt by characters with internal energy attribute "Earth" to Jiu Han is greatly increased
Extra-Terrestrial True Fire
The direct damage dealt by Jin Huo'er to characters with dominant internal element "Metal" is greatly increased; the direct damage dealt by characters with dominant internal element "Water" to Jin Huo'er is greatly increased
illusion
Yi Yihou deals significantly more direct damage to characters whose Breath or Focus is lower than her own; Characters whose Breath or Focus is higher than Yi Yihou's deal significantly more direct damage to Yi Yihou
seek the law outside the body
Weiqi deals significantly more direct damage to characters with lower Might or Diversion than himself; characters with higher Might or Diversion than Weiqi deal significantly more direct damage to Weiqi
play ghosts and collect gods
The direct damage dealt by Yi Xiang to a character whose Swiftness or Evasion is lower than his own is increased significantly; the direct damage dealt by a character whose Swiftness or Evasion is higher than Yi Xiang's is increased significantly
Gods and Earths
The direct damage dealt by Xue Feng to characters with the dominant internal element "Water" is greatly increased; the direct damage dealt by characters with the dominant internal element "Wood" to Xue Feng is greatly increased
Distracted God Realm
The direct damage dealt by Shu Fang to characters with lower Finesse or Parry than his own is significantly increased; the direct damage dealt to Shu Fang by characters with higher Finesse or Parry than Shu Fang is significantly increased
Out-of-bounds Heart Swallowing
The more direct damage an armature deals to a character with a higher enchantment value, the more direct damage a character with a lower enchantment value deals to an armature.
hidden dust
Dissolve the dust and hide back to God!
The "Hidden Dust" cannot be blocked; after the Dyeing Duster evokes the Excalibur "Dissolving Dust Hidden", the Dyeing Duster's movement will only be a change of distance between the enemy and me, and will not cause various movement effects, and the Dyeing Duster's movement will not consume Stamina or Footwork, and will last until the Dyeing Duster evokes another Excalibur.
Transfiguration Lotus
Weaving of Mo Nyu Return to God!
The "Transfiguration Lotus" can't be blocked; after the Ran Chenzi calls out the divine sword "Weaving of Mo Nyu", he is protected from all direct poisoning, and he can't receive more than 3 direct injury marks at one time
Power to Break the Gods and Demons
Voodoo Iron to God!
"Powerful Demon" can't be blocked; after Yenthenko calls for the Excalibur "Voodoo Iron", it is protected from "Repulse", "Close", "Block", "Interrupt", "Break" and "Seal" until Yenthenko calls for another Excalibur.
Fortunate Heavenly Omen
The blessing and the curse are two sides of the same coin!
The "Fortunate Signs of Heaven" cannot be blocked; when the Dainty Duster calls forth the divine swords "Great Xuan Ning" and "Phoenix Cocoon", all of his Inhale and Stance will be restored immediately; thereafter, the Dainty Duster's Inhale and Stance will not be reduced for any reason until the Dainty Duster calls forth other divine swords. After that, the Dyeing Duster's Inhale and Stance will not be reduced for any reason and will continue until the Dyeing Duster calls for another divine sword.
Idiot
Resentment arises from greed and anger!
"Idiot" cannot be blocked; when Ran Chenzi uses divine swords "Spirit Smelting", "Draconic Anima", and "Infernal Acerjail", all the defeat markers on himself will immediately change into Daze markers; After that, all the defeat marks received by Ran Chenzi will be changed into the Daze markers, which lasts until Ran Chenzi uses other divine swords
Ten generations of one
Ten lifetimes to one!
"Ten lifetimes of one person" cannot be blocked; after Dyeing Dusty calls out the divine sword "Ghost God Xia", he cannot be defeated and will immediately perform the divine power "Nine Swords - Ghost God Xia" without consumption
Deadly robbery
When Huan Xin has the "God" style, the direct damage taken is greatly reduced and the direct damage dealt is greatly increased; when Huan Xin does not have the "God" style, the direct damage taken is greatly increased and the direct damage dealt is greatly reduced
Silent Dream
Zi Wuxiao will not appear broken and the direct external injuries suffered are greatly reduced and the direct internal injuries suffered are greatly increased; the more internal injury marks on Zi Wuxiao, the more the power of all its divine power is increased
lit. wear blood and hang flames
Dragon whispering Por will not be sealed points, and the direct internal injuries suffered by a significant reduction, suffered by the direct external injuries increased significantly; Dragon whispering Por the more external injury markings on its body, the more the power of all its divine power will increase
An inch into a dream
Attrition of enemy action
After this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, Mo Nyu gains 3 layers of this effect: Whenever enemy accumulates a movement of 2 distances, enemy loses all of their Stamina, Footwork, Inhale, and Stance
After this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 3 layers of this effect: Whenever enemy accumulates a movement of 2 distances, enemy loses all of their Stamina, Footwork, Inhale, and Stance
The Seven Waters of the Pond
Continuing to cause poisoning
If the enemy is within range of Mo Nyu's attack while this power is being applied: Mo Nyu causes the enemy to be continuously poisoned with 3 random types of poison
If the enemy is within the attack range of the user during the application of this power: the user causes the enemy to suffer 3 random types of poison continuously
Five-color warbler
When she starts to use this power, Mo Nyu gains 6 levels of this effect: Whenever an enemy attacks Mo Nyu with a weapon, Mo Nyu immediately makes 2 weapon attacks on the enemy; when she attacks an enemy with this power, Mo Nyu consumes all the remaining levels of this effect to increase the power of this power
broken hearted dream
After this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, Mo Nyu gains 6 layers of this effect: Whenever enemy accumulates a movement of 2 distances, enemy loses all of their Stamina, Footwork, Inhale, and Stance
After this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 6 layers of this effect: Whenever enemy accumulates a movement of 2 distances, enemy loses all of their Stamina, Footwork, Inhale, and Stance
Xuan Tan Ghost Poison
If the enemy is within the range of Mo Nyu attack while this divine power is being applied: Mo Nyu causes the enemy to suffer 6 different types of poison continuously
If the enemy is within the attack range of the wielder during the application of this power: the wielder causes the enemy to suffer 6 different types of poison continuously
Chaotic colored warbler
When she starts to use this power, Mo Nyu gains 6 levels of this effect: Whenever an enemy attacks Mo Nyu with a weapon, Mo Nyu immediately makes 4 weapon attacks on the enemy; when she attacks an enemy with this power, Mo Nyu consumes all the remaining levels of this effect to significantly increase the power of this power
Break the demonic filth
Continuously causing wear and tear
During the process of exercising this divine power, if the enemy is within the attack range of Dayue Yaochang, constantly lose the enemy's Footwork, Stamina, Inhale and Stance
During the process of exercising this divine power, if the enemy is within the attack range of the applicator, the enemy's Footwork, Stamina, Inhale and Stance will be continuously lost
Exterminate the three cuts
Automatic application of divine power
At the end of this power, the power of this power increases cumulatively and lasts until the end of the battle, and Da Yue Yao Chang can repeat this power 2 times and attack the enemy with 40% power from 50% of the progress of the power without consumption
At the end of this power, the power of this power increases cumulatively and lasts until the end of the battle, and the user can repeat this power 2 times and attack the enemy at 40% of the power from 50% of the progress of the power without consumption.
Heavenly Demon Subjugation
When attacking an enemy with this power: If the enemy is performing a Heterodox training technique, the power of this power is greatly increased; if the enemy is not performing the "Break" technique, the power of this power is greatly increased; if the enemy is not within the attack range of this power, the enemy will have 3 random weaknesses
Kill the evil dragon
Severance of three cuts
At the end of this power, the power of this power increases cumulatively and lasts until the end of the battle, and Danyue Yaochang can repeat this power 2 times, and attack the enemy with 80% power from 50% of the progress of the power without consumption
At the end of this power, the power of this power increases cumulatively and lasts until the end of the battle, and the user can repeat this power 2 times and attack the enemy with 80% power from 50% of the progress of the power without consumption.
Heavenly Demon Breaks All
When attacking an enemy with this power: If the enemy is performing a Heterodox training technique, the power of this power is greatly increased; if the enemy is not performing the "Break" technique, the power of this power is greatly increased; if the enemy is not within the range of this power, the enemy randomly appears 6 weaknesses
Plastic Snow
Stop enemy action
When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, Jiu Han gains 30 layers of this effect: Every 1 layer of this effect cancels out 0.1 distance moved by the enemy. While this effect exists, enemy cannot switch to other weapons except for Bare Hands, Branch, and Stone.
When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 30 layers of this effect: Every 1 layer of this effect cancels out 0.1 distance moved by the enemy. While this effect exists, enemy cannot switch to other weapons except for Bare Hands, Branch, and Stone.
Aoshin Yodai
Continuously causes sealing of acupuncture points
At the end of this divine power, Jiu Han gains 9 levels of this effect: 1 sealed point appears continuously on the enemy; for every sealed point on the enemy due to this effect, the number of levels of this effect is reduced by 1
Prayer for Sorrow
Stop enemy attacks
When attacking enemy with this divine power, enemy loses all of their "attack tokens", and cannot regain them for a short period of time
Gel Hong
When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, Jiu Han gains 60 layers of this effect: Every 1 layer of this effect cancels out 0.1 distance moved by the enemy. While this effect exists, enemy cannot switch to other weapons except for Bare Hands, Branch, and Stone.
When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, user gains 60 layers of this effect: Every 1 layer of this effect cancels out 0.1 distance moved by the enemy. While this effect exists, enemy cannot switch to other weapons except for Bare Hands, Branch, and Stone.
Dance of the Green God
At the end of this divine power, Jiu Han gains 9 levels of this effect: 2 sealed points appear continuously on the enemy; for every sealed point on the enemy due to this effect, the number of levels of this effect is reduced by 1
v. Death Song
When attacking enemy with this divine power, enemy loses all of their "attack tokens", and cannot regain them for a long period of time
Returning to the hippies to help
Repeatedly attack the enemy
At the end of this divine power, Golden Phoenix gains 6 levels of this effect: Golden Phoenix's weapon attacks will repeat 2 times
At the end of this power, the user gains 6 levels of this effect: the user's weapon attack will be repeated 2 times.
Fire Scorched Eight Winds
Continuously causing breakdowns
At the end of this divine power, Jin Huo'er gains 18 levels of this effect: the enemy continues to have 1 break; for every break in the enemy due to this effect, the number of levels of this effect is reduced by 1
Red Feather Breaks the Sky
Repel and damage the enemy
When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, Jin Huang'er knocks back the enemy by 6 distances, and if the enemy’s distance from the max possible range between characters is less than 6, enemy's Footwork and Stamina will get completely depleted, and enemy will receive 3 Old Injuries at random body parts
When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, user knocks back the enemy by 6 distances, and if the enemy’s distance from the max possible range between characters is less than 6, enemy's Footwork and Stamina get completely depleted, and enemy receives 3 Old Injuries at random body parts.
Goodness HeShi
At the end of this divine power, Golden Phoenix gains 6 levels of this effect: Golden Phoenix's weapon attacks will repeat 4 times
At the end of this power, the user gains 6 levels of this effect: the user's weapon attack will be repeated 4 times.
The phoenix leads the nine daughters
At the end of this power, Jin Huo'er gains 18 levels of this effect: the enemy will continue to have 2 weaknesses; every time the enemy has a weakness due to this effect, the number of levels of this effect is reduced by 1
Golden Plume Breaks the Sky
When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, Jin Huang'er knocks back the enemy by 6 distances, and if the enemy’s distance from the max possible range between characters is less than 6, enemy's Footwork and Stamina will get completely depleted, and enemy will receive 6 Old Injuries at random body parts
When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, user knocks back the enemy by 6 distances, and if the enemy’s distance from the max possible range between characters is less than 6, enemy's Footwork and Stamina get completely depleted, and enemy receives 6 Old Injuries at random body parts.
fox hunting
While performing this divine power, Yi Yihou can move; When starting to perform this divine power, if the enemy has a mutual "Adore" or "Enemies" relationship with another character, Yi Yihou adds 3 "None" styles to the enemy; When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, Yi Yihou adds 3 "None" styles to the enemy.
While performing this divine power, user can move; When starting to perform this divine power, if the enemy has a mutual "Adore" or "Enemies" relationship with another character, user adds 3 "None" styles to the enemy; When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, user adds 3 "None" styles to the enemy.
the waning fox cries
If the enemy is within the range of Yi Yi Hou's attack while this power is being applied: Continuously add a Daze markers to the enemy; Continuously remove enemy's styles
If the enemy is within the attack range of the user during the application of this power: Continuously add a Daze markers to the enemy; Continuously remove enemy's styles
Four Elephant Blood and Fire Technique
When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, damage of this technique will be dealt to 2 body parts of the enemy
return to the foxes
While performing this divine power, Yi Yihou can move; When starting to perform this divine power, if the enemy has a mutual "Adore" or "Enemies" relationship with another character, Yi Yihou adds 6 "None" styles to the enemy; When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, Yi Yihou adds 6 "None" styles to the enemy.
While performing this divine power, user can move; When starting to perform this divine power, if the enemy has a mutual "Adore" or "Enemies" relationship with another character, user adds 6 "None" styles to the enemy; When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, user adds 6 "None" styles to the enemy.
Mourning
Burning God Blood Fire Technique
When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, damage of this technique will be dealt to 4 body parts of the enemy
Dragon Swallowing Style
Elimination of site injuries
When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, Wei Qi will change 18 points of a random True Qi of the enemy into 1 layer of this effect: If a body part of Wei Qi reaches 6 Injury markers, this layer will be consumed to remove all Injury markers from that body part.
When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, user will change 18 points of a random True Qi of the enemy into 1 layer of this effect: If a body part of the user reaches 6 Injury markers, this layer will be consumed to remove all Injury markers from that body part.
Dragon Articulation Style
Offsetting non-injury markers
When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, Wei Qi will change up to 3 Impairment markers of the enemy into up to 6 layers of this effect: Each layer of this effect blocks 1 Impairment marker taken by Wei Qi
When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, user will change up to 3 Impairment markers of the enemy into up to 6 layers of this effect: Each layer of this effect blocks 1 Impairment marker taken by the user
Dragon chasing style
When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, Wei Qi will change up to 3 available Styles of the enemy into up to 3 layers of this effect: Whenever enemy performs a technique, Wei Qi will consume a layer of this effect to greatly reduce power of the technique performed by the enemy, lasting until layers of this effect get depleted.
Surrender Style
After this divine power is performed, Wei Qi 18 points of a random type of his own True Qi into 1 layer of this effect: If there are 6 injuries on a certain body part of the enemy, Wei Qi consumes this effect and increases all types of his own True Qi by 18 points
After this divine power is applied, the user will change 18 points of his own random type of true qi to 1 layer of this effect: if the enemy's wound level in a certain part reaches 6 layers, consume this effect and the user's true qi of all types will increase by 18 points
sacrifice one's life
Add non-injury markers
After performing this divine power, Wei Qi will change up to 3 Impairment markers from himself into up to 6 layers of this effect: Each layer of this effect increases the number of Impairment markers taken by the enemy by 1
After performing this divine power, user will change up to 3 Impairment markers from themselves into up to 6 layers of this effect: Each layer of this effect increases the number of Impairment markers taken by the enemy by 1
Shed Heart Type
When this power is finished, Wei Qi will change up to 3 random styles of himself into up to 3 layers of this effect: Whenever Wei Qi performs a power, Wei Qi consumes the number of layers of this effect and accumulates a significant increase in the power of the power he performs, lasting until the number of layers of this effect is exhausted
No heart, no mind
During the application of this power, the enemy's chance of hitting Yi Xiang is halved, and whenever the enemy fails to hit Yi Xiang, the enemy randomly receives 2 sealed acupoints
During the application of this power, the chance of the enemy hitting the user is halved, and whenever the enemy fails to hit the user, the enemy randomly appears 2 sealed points
Swordless Sword
When using this divine power, Yi Xiang will recover all the Footwork and Stamina; The more the remaining Stamina of Yi Xiang, the more the power of this divine power will be increased.
When you start to use this power, you will regain all your Footwork and Stamina; when you attack the enemy with this power, the more Stamina you have left, the more the power of this power will increase.
soulless soul
Promote hair protection Quick
When using this divine power, Yi Xiang can use the "Aegis" and "Quick" skills immediately without any consumption, and the power of these skills will be greatly increased until the end of this divine power.
Heart to Heart
During the application of this power, the chance of the enemy hitting Yi Xiang is halved, and whenever the enemy fails to hit Yi Xiang, the enemy randomly receives 4 sealed acupoints
During the application of this power, the chance of the enemy hitting the user is halved, and whenever the enemy fails to hit the user, the enemy randomly appears 4 sealed points
Sword into no sword
Spiritualization without soul
War Without Pardon
When attacking an enemy with this divine power, the Injuries Xue Feng inflicts on the enemy will change into Old Injuries that are more difficult to recover from
When attacking an enemy with this divine power, the wounds inflicted by the user on the enemy will change to old wounds that are more difficult to recover from
The fierce soldiers broke through the three formations
Stimulate combat potential
During the process of exercising this divine power, Xue Feng can move and attack, and the movement speed and attack speed are increased
While exercising this power, the user can move and attack, and the movement speed and attack speed are increased.
The fishy wind sweeps the four fields
When starting to perform this divine power, the more Old Injuries Xue Feng has, the more the power of this divine power will increase
kill without pardon
When attacking an enemy with this divine power, the Injuries Xue Feng inflicts on the enemy will change into Old Injuries that are more difficult to recover from; If this divine power causes the enemy's body part to reach 6 Injuries, Xue Feng will immediately use this divine power again without any consumption from 75% of its progress
When attacking an enemy with this power, the wounds the user inflicts on the enemy will change to old wounds that are more difficult to recover from; if this power causes the enemy to reach 6 levels of wounds, the user will immediately attack the enemy with this power again without consumption starting from 75% of the progress of the application.
Warlords fighting in the Sixth Harmony
While performing this divine power: Xue Feng can move and attack, and his movement speed and attack speed are increased; The direct damage dealt by Xue Feng to the enemy is increased by 60%, and the direct damage dealt by the enemy to Xue Feng is reduced by 60%
While performing this divine power: user can move and attack, and their movement speed and attack speed are increased; The direct damage dealt by the user to the enemy is increased by 60%, and the direct damage dealt by the enemy to the user is reduced by 60%
Blood Rain Bathing Eight Wastelands
Transferring your old wounds
When starting to perform this divine power, the more Old Injuries Xue Feng has, the more the power of this divine power will increase; When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, Xue Feng will randomly transfer up to 8 Old Injuries from his body to the enemy or their teammates
Order of Twelve\nImmortals of Kunlun
Injuries cannot be increased
When starting to perform this divine power, Shu Fang gains 12 levels of this effect: The direct damage dealt by enemies to Shu Fang cannot be increased by any effect, and the number of levels of this effect is reduced by 1 every time an enemy inflicts at least 3 Daze markers on Shu Fang
When starting to perform this divine power, user gains 12 levels of this effect: The direct damage dealt by enemies to the user cannot be increased by any effect, and the number of levels of this effect is reduced by 1 every time an enemy inflicts at least 3 Glazed markers on the user
Celestial Eye Technique
When you start to perform this divine power, the artist increases the power of 2 of his own techniques cumulatively until the end of the battle
When this divine power starts, the user increases the power of 2 of his own techniques cumulatively until the end of the battle.
Heaven and Earth Xuan Yi Order
Weakening enemy attributes
When this divine power starts to be applied, the operator will eliminate the enemy's "Aegis" and "Quick" techniques, and the enemy's total 3 "Aegis", "Quick", and "Nadis" techniques will be "blocked" for a long time; until the end of this divine power, all the enemy's secondary attributes will be changed to the minimum.
Kunlun Twelve Evil Immortal Order
Injuries cannot be reduced
When starting to perform this divine power, Shu Fang gains 12 levels of this effect: The direct damage dealt by Shu Fang to the enemies cannot be decreased by any effect, and the number of levels of this effect is reduced by 1 every time Shu Fang inflicts at least 3 Daze markers on the enemy
When starting to perform this divine power, user gains 12 levels of this effect: The direct damage dealt by the user to the enemies cannot be decreased by any effect, and the number of levels of this effect is reduced by 1 every time user inflicts at least 3 Glazed markers on the enemy
Magic Pupil
When this divine power starts, the magic side accumulates 4 techniques of power reduction of the enemy and lasts until the end of the battle
When this divine power starts, the user accumulates the power of the enemy by reducing 4 techniques and lasts until the end of the battle
Ghost God Genichi Order
When this divine power starts to be applied, the operator will eliminate the enemy's "Aegis" and "Quick" techniques, and the enemy's 6 "Aegis", "Quick", and "Nadis" techniques will be "blocked" for a long time; until the end of this divine power, all the enemy's secondary attributes will be changed to the minimum.
Entering the mind's edge phase
When you start to use this power, the pivot gains 3 levels of this effect: Whenever an enemy uses the "Break" technique, the enemy immediately receives a large amount of repercussion damage from that "Break" technique
Enter the phase of falsehoods
technique loss of true qi
When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, Xiangshu gains 3 layers of this effect: All techniques of the enemy have to consume a large amount of True Qi based on their tier and type, otherwise they cannot be performed.
enter a delusional name
Sustained phase pivot into magic
If the enemy is within the range of the Aiohata's attack during the application of this divine power: the Aiohata continuously increases the enemy's level of enchantment according to the enemy's level of enchantment at the beginning of the battle
The heart is lost without awareness
When starting to perform this divine power, Xiangshu gains 3 layers of this effect: Whenever enemy performs a "Break" technique, enemy immediately suffers a large amount of backlash damage from that "Break" technique, and if that technique fails to reach $0$0% completion, it will be permanently "Sealed"
No righteousness in evil and delusion
No purity through contamination
Defeating the Fallen One
While performing this divine power, if the enemy is inside of Xiangshu's attack range: enemy's Enchantment level will be continuously increased based on enemy's Enchantment level at the start of the battle; When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, if enemy's Enchantment level is at the maximum, this divine power will inevitably defeat the enemy.
Unblock
Applying random gain
When you begin to perform this divine power, apply 1 buff to Huanxin that increases a random secondary attribute
Sheathing
When starting to perform this divine power, 2 debuffs on Huan Xin will turn into buffs
Sword Trial
When you start to perform this divine power, apply a buff to Huanxin that improves External and Internal penetration
Dismantle The Blade
Change of enemy buffs
When starting to perform this divine power: Huan Xin will receive 1 buff to a random secondary stat, and enemy will receive a debuff to a random secondary stat; When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, all "Break" techniques of the enemy that haven't been permanently "Sealed" will become "Sealed" for a short period of time.
Sheltered light
When starting to perform this divine power, 2 debuffs on Huan Xin's body will change into buffs; 2 buffs of the enemy will change into debuffs; When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, all "Aegis" techniques of the enemy that haven't been permanently "Sealed" will become "Sealed" for a short period of time.
Lost
When starting to perform this divine power, Huan Xin will receive a buff that increases Ext. and Int. Penetration; Enemy will receive a debuff that reduces Ext. and Int. Penetration; When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, all "Quick" techniques of the enemy that haven't been permanently "Sealed" will become "Sealed" for a short period of time.
33 Spiritualizations
Absorbing the enemy's true qi
When you start to perform this divine power, if Zi Wuxiao does not have the effect layer of "San San Hua Ling", Zi Wuxiao gains 3 layers of this effect: when the enemy is about to gain or lose true qi, Zi Wuxiao will double the corresponding true qi, and the layer of this effect will be reduced when Zi Wuxiao loses true qi
77 Wisdoms
Absorb the enemy's storage style
When you start to perform this power, if Zi Wuxiao doesn't have the effect tier of "7.7 Born Wisdom", Zi Wuxiao gains 7 tiers of this effect: when the enemy is about to gain or lose a style, Zi Wuxiao will gain the same number of randomly available styles at the same time, and the number of tiers of this effect will be reduced when Zi Wuxiao gains an unusable style
99 Destinies
Absorbing enemy healing
When you start to perform this power, if Zi Wuxiao does not have the effect level of "Nine-Nine Life Creation", Zi Wuxiao gains 9 levels of this effect: when the enemy is about to eliminate or receive a wound mark, the wound mark on the corresponding part of Zi Wuxiao will be eliminated at the same time, and the number of levels of this effect will be reduced when a poison mark appears on Zi Wuxiao
Spiritual Dispersion - Heaven, Earth and Human
When attacking enemy with this divine power, Zi Wuxiao consumes all effect layers of "33 Spiritualizations" to greatly increase power of this divine power; When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, if Zi Wuxiao has effect layers of "77 Wisdoms", Zi Wuxiao will immediately perform "Wisdom Death - Seven Awareness Branches" without any consumption, and if not, then all types of True Qi of the enemy will be halved.
Wisdom Death - Seven Awareness Branches
When attacking enemy with this divine power, Zi Wuxiao consumes all effect layers of "77 Wisdoms" to greatly increase power of this divine power; When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, if Zi Wuxiao has effect layers of "99 Destinies", Zi Wuxiao will immediately perform "Fate - Unbreakable Prison" without any consumption, and if not, then enemy will lose all of their available styles
Fate - Unbreakable Prison
When attacking enemy with this divine power, Zi Wuxiao consumes all effect layers of "99 Destinies" to greatly increase power of this divine power; When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, if Zi Wuxiao has effect layers of "33 Spiritualizations", Zi Wuxiao will immediately perform "Spiritual Dispersion - Heaven, Earth and Human" without any consumption, and if not, then all Injuries of the enemy will be greatly worsened.
Phoenix's Peck
Rapid application of divine power
When starting to perform this divine power, Long Yufu will inflict 1 External injury to arms that have less than 4 injuries, and accordingly: increase the progress of this divine power; restore the Inhale and Stance consumed by this power
Red Geibik contending clothes
Seize the power of the enemy
When starting to perform this divine power, Long Yufu will inflict 1 External injury to legs that have less than 4 injuries, and accordingly: Transfer the continuous power increases of the enemy's skills to this divine power, lasting until the end of the battle
Fire Dragon Burning Heart
Destroy the enemy's Break
When starting to perform this divine power, Long Yufu will inflict 1 External injury to head if it has less than 4 injuries, and randomly change the level of 3 of enemy's "Break" skills ongoing effects to the lower limit, and causes the enemy to take backlash damage from those "Break" skills
Fire pistil kills proud phoenix
The cast of this divine power is not restricted by the destruction of body parts; if amount of injuries on any arm of Long Yufu reaches 4: when she starts to cast this power, this divine power starts from 100% progress, and restores all the consumed Inhale and Stance; While performing this divine power, enemy's arms are considered to be destroyed
Geibi in Red
The cast of this divine power is not restricted by the destruction of body parts; if amount of injuries on any leg of Long Yufu reaches 4: when she starts to cast this power, transfer the continuous power boost received from all the enemy's skills to this divine power, lasting until the end of the battle; While performing this divine power, enemy's legs are considered to be destroyed
red heart deters the demon dragon
The cast of this divine power is not restricted by the destruction of body parts; if amount of injuries on Long Yufu's head reaches 4: when she starts to cast this power, randomly change the level of 6 of enemy's "Break" skills ongoing effects to the lower limit, and causes the enemy to take backlash damage from those "Break" skills; While performing this divine power, enemy's head is considered to be destroyed
One Sword - Soluble Dust Hidden
Eliminate your own attack and defense
Yi Xiang - Solution
Yi Xiang - Rob
When you start to use this power, Dusty gains 9 levels of this effect: the chance of an enemy hitting Dusty is halved; the chance of Dusty hitting an enemy is doubled
If Yi Xiang's Fate Chapter has been completed, when Ran Chenzi performs this divine power, all Sealed Acupoints will be removed from the enemy
If Yi Xiang's Extinguishing Chapter has been completed, when Ran Chenzi performs this divine power, the enemy will receive 1 level 4 Sealed Acupoint 
Two swords - Weaving of Mo Nyu
Mo Nyu - Solution
Mo Nyu - Robbery
When starting to perform this divine power, Ran Chenzi gains 9 layers of this effect: Whenever Ran Chenzi receives 1 Injury marker, 1 Impairment marker gets removed from his body; Whenever Ran Chenzi receives 1 Impairment marker, 1 Injury marker gets removed from his body
If Mo Nyu's Fate Chapter has been completed, when Ran Chenzi performs this divine power, 1 random Injury will be removed from the enemy
If Mo Nyu's Extinguishing Chapter has been completed, when Ran Chenzi performs this divine power, the enemy will receive 1 random Old Injury marker
Three Swords - Voodoo Iron
Attrition of the enemy
Dayue Yao Chang - Solution
Dayue Yao Chang - robbery
When you start to perform this divine power, if the enemy is within the range of Dyeing Dusty's attack, all of the enemy's Footwork, Stamina, Inhale and Stance will be lost.
If Dayue Yaochang's Fate Chapter has been completed, when Ran Chenzi performs this divine power, all Weak Points will be removed from the enemy
If Dayue Yaochang's Extinguishing Chapter has been completed, when Ran Chenzi performs this divine power, the enemy will receive 1 level 4 Weak Point
Four-Five Swords
Fortune-Solution
Fortunes and Disasters - Robbery
Every time Dyeingdust Zi performs this divine power, this divine power will be able to start from a higher progress of performance, and the power of this divine power will continue to increase significantly until Dyeingdust Zi calls on other divine swords.
If both Jiu Han's and Jin Huang'er's Fate Chapters have been completed, the final power of this divine power will be reduced by 50%
If both Jiu Han's and Jin Huang'er's Extinguishing Chapters have been completed, the final power of this divine power will be increased by 50%
Six - Seven - Eight Swords
Transferring the Daze Marker
Greed, Anger and Dementia - Solution
Greed, Anger and Dementia - Robbery
When starting to perform this divine power, the more Daze markers Ran Chenzi has, the more the power of this divine power increases; When this divine power reaches $0$0% completion, Ran Chenzi transfers up to 6 Daze markers from himself to the enemy
If Xue Feng's, Wei Qi's and Yi Yihou's Fate Chapters have been completed, when Ran Chenzi performs this divine power, 2 Daze markers will be removed from the enemy
If Xue Feng's, Wei Qi's and Yi Yihou's Extinguishing Chapters have been completed, when Ran Chenzi performs this divine power, the enemy will receive 2 Daze markers
Nine Swords - Ghost God Xia

Technique formula - solution
Art side - robbery
This divine power cannot be blocked or interrupted; The attack range of this divine power is always the maximum; While performing this divine power, Ran Chenzi can move and attack; At the end of this divine power, if the enemy is not defeated, Ran Chenzi will lose the battle
If Shu Fang's Fate Chapter has been completed, when Ran Chenzi performs this divine power, the cast time of this divine power will be decreased by 50%
If Shu Fang's Extinguishing Chapter has been completed, when Ran Chenzi performs this divine power, the cast time of this divine power will be increased by 50%
Sundered Flesh and Bone
Poison Inflicts Fatal Wounds
If the character is simultaneously affected by Acritoxin, Pyrotoxin, and Necrotoxin markers, when Acritoxin and Pyrotoxin activates, based on the number of Necrotoxin markers, character will receive a certain number of Fatal Wounds. The more Acritoxin, Pyrotoxin, and Necrotoxin markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Fractured Mind and Dulled Flesh
Poison Seals Footwork
If the character is simultaneously affected by Acritoxin, Necrotoxin, and Oneirotoxin markers, when Acritoxin is activated, the character's Footwork will be removed, and then, based on the number of Necrotoxin and Oneirotoxin markers, 1 random Quick skill of the character will be sealed for a long time. The more Acritoxin, Necrotoxin, and Oneirotoxin markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Mangled Tendon
Poison Drops Weapon
If the character is simultaneously affected by Acritoxin, Umbritoxin, and Necrotoxin markers, when Acritoxin and Umbritoxin activates, based on the number of Necrotoxin markers affecting the character, they have a chance to immediately drop their weapon and switch to bare hands, and they will be unable to use their weapon for a while. The more Acritoxin, Umbritoxin, and Necrotoxin markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Ruptured Organs
Improve Pyrotoxin Strength
If the character is simultaneously affected by Acritoxin, Necrotoxin, and Cryotoxin markers, when Acritoxin and Cryotoxin activates, based on the number of Necrotoxin markers, generate extra Pyrotoxin, and accelerate it's activation. The more Acritoxin, Necrotoxin, and Cryotoxin markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Blood Haze
Poison Seals Break
If the character is simultaneously affected by Pyrotoxin, Necrotoxin, and Oneirotoxin markers, when Pyrotoxin is activated, based on the number of Necrotoxin and Oneirotoxin markers, 1 random Break skill of the character will be sealed for a long time. The more Pyrotoxin, Necrotoxin, and Oneirotoxin markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Rotting Organs
Improve Acritoxin Strength
If the character is simultaneously affected by Pyrotoxin, Necrotoxin, and Umbritoxin markers, when Pyrotoxin and Umbritoxin activates, based on the number of Necrotoxin markers, generate extra Acritoxin, and accelerate it's activation. The more Pyrotoxin, Necrotoxin, and Umbritoxin markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Corrupted Blood
Poison Spreads Necrotoxin
If the character is simultaneously affected by Pyrotoxin, Necrotoxin, and Cryotoxin markers, when Pyrotoxin and Cryotoxin activates, based on the number of Necrotoxin markers, the character recieves a debuff that reduces random Resolve stats, and spreads some of their Necrotoxin to party members assisting in the battle. The more Pyrotoxin, Necrotoxin, and Cryotoxin markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Burning Heart
Poison Attacks Yourself
If the character is simultaneously affected by Acritoxin, Pyrotoxin, and Oneirotoxin markers, when Acritoxin and Pyrotoxin activates, based on the number of Oneirotoxin markers, the character will attack themself with their weapon a number of times. The more Acritoxin, Pyrotoxin, and Oneirotoxin markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Bone Ulcers
Poison Depletes Stamina
If the character is simultaneously affected by Acritoxin, Pyrotoxin, and Umbritoxin markers, when Acritoxin and Pyrotoxin activates, based on the number of Acritoxin, Pyrotoxin, and Umbritoxin markers, reduce the character's Stamina. The more Acritoxin, Pyrotoxin, and Umbritoxin markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Burning Blood
Poison Inflicts Weak Points
If the character is simultaneously affected by Acritoxin, Pyrotoxin, and Cryotoxin markers, when Acritoxin, Pyrotoxin, and Cryotoxin activates, based on the number of Acritoxin, Pyrotoxin, and Cryotoxin markers, the character has a chance to suffer 1 random old External Injury, if no old External Injury is caused, the character gain 1 Weak Point instead. The more Acritoxin, Pyrotoxin, and Cryotoxin markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Sundered Essence
Poison Inflicts Daze
If the character is simultaneously affected by Umbritoxin, Cryotoxin, and Oneirotoxin markers, when Umbritoxin and Cryotoxin activates, based on the number of Oneirotoxin markers, the character receives a number of Daze markers. The more Umbritoxin, Cryotoxin, and Oneirotoxin markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Sealed Marrow
Poison Skill Backlash
If the character is simultaneously affected by Umbritoxin, Cryotoxin, and Necrotoxin markers, when Umbritoxin and Cryotoxin activates, based on the number of Necrotoxin markers, the character receives backlash damage from a random number of skills. The more Umbritoxin, Cryotoxin, and Necrotoxin markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Locked Pulse
Poison Qi Disorder
If the character is simultaneously affected by Umbritoxin, Cryotoxin, and Acritoxin markers, when Umbritoxin, Cryotoxin, and Acritoxin activates, based on the number of Umbritoxin, Cryotoxin, and Acritoxin markers, character immediately receives a certain amount of Qi Disorder. The more Umbritoxin, Cryotoxin, and Acritoxin markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Blood Clotting
Poison Inflicts Sealed Acupoints
If the character is simultaneously affected by Umbritoxin, Cryotoxin, and Pyrotoxin markers, when Umbritoxin, Cryotoxin, and Pyrotoxin activates, based on the number of Umbritoxin, Cryotoxin, and Pyrotoxin markers, the character has a chance to suffer 1 random old Internal Injury, if no old Internal Injury is caused, the character gain 1 Sealed Acupoint instead. The more Umbritoxin, Cryotoxin, and Pyrotoxin markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Cold Spirit
Poison Seals Nadis
If the character is simultaneously affected by Cryotoxin, Oneirotoxin, and Necrotoxin markers, when Cryotoxin activates, based on the number of Oneirotoxin and Necrotoxin markers, 1 random Nadis skill of the character will be sealed for a long time. The more Cryotoxin, Oneirotoxin, and Necrotoxin markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Scared Heart
Improve Umbritoxin Strength
If the character is simultaneously affected by Cryotoxin, Oneirotoxin, and Acritoxin markers, when Cryotoxin and Acritoxin activates, based on the number of Oneirotoxin markers, generate extra Umbritoxin, and accelerate it's activation. The more Cryotoxin, Oneirotoxin, and Acritoxin markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Bitter Suffering
Poison Spreads Oneirotoxin
If the character is simultaneously affected by Cryotoxin, Oneirotoxin, and Pyrotoxin markers, when Cryotoxin and Pyrotoxin activates, based on the number of Oneirotoxin markers, the character recieves a debuff that reduces random Accuracy stats, and spreads some of their Oneirotoxin to party members assisting in the battle. The more Cryotoxin, Oneirotoxin, and Pyrotoxin markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Poisoned Soul
Poison Seals Aegis
If the character is simultaneously affected by Umbritoxin, Oneirotoxin, and Necrotoxin markers, when Umbritoxin is activated, the character's Aegis skill will be removed, and then, based on the number of Oneirotoxin and Necrotoxin markers, 1 random Aegis skill of the character will be sealed for a long time. The more Umbritoxin, Oneirotoxin, and Necrotoxin markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Disturbed Heart
Poison Depletes True Qi
If the character is simultaneously affected by Umbritoxin, Oneirotoxin, and Acritoxin markers, when Umbritoxin and Acritoxin activates, based on the number of Oneirotoxin markers, character loses a certain amount of True Qi. The more Umbritoxin, Oneirotoxin, and Acritoxin markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Sealed Skull
Improve Cryotoxin Strength
If the character is simultaneously affected by Umbritoxin, Oneirotoxin, and Pyrotoxin markers, when Umbritoxin and Pyrotoxin activates, based on the number of Oneirotoxin markers, generate extra Cryotoxin, and accelerate it's activation. The more Umbritoxin, Oneirotoxin, and Pyrotoxin markers there is, the more times this toxin effect can be activated in battle.
Decisive Strike
Deflect Break Attack
When the attacker breaks enemy's Deflect, attacker's Accuracy will be greatly increased, and they will immediately perform a weapon attack that will always deal critical hits and do several follow-up attacks.
Sagacious
This innate skill cannot be Sealed; When Monkey/Spiritual Monkey receive enemy's Break technique, the power of the enemy's Break technique will be cumulatively reduced based on the Purity of the Monkey/Spiritual Monkey, lasting until the end of the battle.
Eagle Soars in the Sky
Increase Critical Hits
This innate skill cannot be Sealed; The attack range of Eagle/Golden Roc will gradually increase with the sense of crisis, based on the Purity of Eagle/Golden Roc. The further the distance between the user and the enemy, the higher the chance that Eagle/Golden Roc will deal critical hits
Brave Hog's Rush
Preparing Jump
Auto Advance Attack
This innate skill cannot be Sealed; When the enemy is outside of attack range of the Boar/Black Hog, Boar/Black Hog are able to jump for 1 distance at a time, and if after moving the enemy become within the attack range of the Boar/Black Hog, Boar/Black Hog will immediately make a single attack that cannot be Deflected, and the higher the Purity of the Boar/Black Hog is, the higher the direct damage of this attack will be
Copper Head Iron Arm
This innate skill cannot be Sealed; The higher the Purity of the Brown Bear/White Bear is, the more Fatal Wound damage taken will be reduced, and the more Fatal Wound damage dealt will be increased
Rampage without Fear
Reflect Damage Increase
This innate skill cannot be Sealed; The higher the Purity of the Buffalo/Wild Ox is, the higher the Reflect damage will be if the enemy is within the attack range of Buffalo/Wild Ox
Poison Waterfall Fierce Mist
This innate skill cannot be Sealed; The direct Injury markers inflicted by the Huge Snake/Python will turn into Old Wounds that are more difficult to recover from; The direct Poison inflicted by the Huge Snake/Python will turn into Old Poison that is more difficult to detox
Civet Pursues Shadow
This innate skill cannot be Sealed; After being attacked by an enemy, if the enemy is within attack range of Leopard/Black Panther, regardless of whether the Leopard/Black Panther Resolves the enemy attack, it will Counter the enemy. The higher the Purity of the Leopard/Black Panther is, the more power the Counter will have
I am the Only One
This innate skill cannot be Sealed; Whenever the enemy enters or leaves the attack range of Lion/Golden Lion, it depletes enemy's Footwork, Stamina, Inhale, and Stance based on the Purity of the Lion/Golden Lion
Myriad Beasts King
Continuously Attack Enemy
This innate skill cannot be Sealed; Whenever Tiger/White Tiger inflicts a direct Injury marker on the enemy, it will immediately perform another attack on the enemy with decreased Accuracy. The higher the Purity of the Tiger/White Tiger is, the higher the damage will increase with each attack, lasting until continuous attacks stop
Heavenly Snake
This innate skill cannot be Sealed; The Heavenly Snake's External and Internal Injury markers will be removed over time
Moon Passing Rainbow Star
The Divine Dragon cannot be defeated by force; This innate talent cannot be Sealed; The White Dragon has to prepare to move 1 distance at a time. and can move up to 12 distance at once. Whenever the White Dragon receives direct damage from the enemy, if its remaining Stamina is not lower than 50%, it will immediately move outside of the enemy's Attack Range. Whenever the White Dragon prepares and moves 1 distance, 1 Daze marker will appear on the enemy.
Black Sea's Evil Scales
Reduce Poison Resistance
The Divine Dragon cannot be defeated by force; This innate talent cannot be Sealed; The Black Dragon will continuously apply a large amount of random Level 3 poisons to the enemy, and reduce enemy's resistance to all types of poison. The number of times toxins on the enemy can activate becomes unlimited.
Deep Green Sky Mist
The Divine Dragon cannot be defeated by force; This innate talent cannot be Sealed; The Green Dragon's Injury and Old Injury markers will gradually disappear. The more Injury and Old Injury markers the Green Dragon has, the more the enemy's Attack Range will be reduced, and the Green Dragon's Attack Range will be increased
Flaming Divine Pearl
Cannot be Resolved
The Divine Dragon cannot be defeated by force; This innate talent cannot be Sealed; The Red Dragon's attacks will worsen both External and Internal Injuries on the attacked body parts. When the Injury level on a body part reaches 4, it will be considered Broken, and the enemy won't be able to Resolve attacks on that body part.
Superior to Heavens
Decrease Vigor Limit
Decrease Stamina Limit
Cause Impairments
The Divine Dragon cannot be defeated by force; This innate talent cannot be Sealed; Whenever enemy's Break technique reaches at least $0$0% completion, the Yellow Dragon will make a random technique of the enemy Sealed. If a "Break" technique is Sealed, the enemy's maximum Stance/Inhale will be decreased. If a "Quick" technique is Sealed, the enemy's maximum Stamina will be decreased. If an "Aegis" technique is Sealed, the enemy's Deflect will be broken immediately. If a "Nadis" technique is Sealed, 3 random body parts of the enemy will receive Weak Points and Sealed Acupoints.
Moon Partner Rainbow Star
This innate talent cannot be Sealed; The Little White Dragon has to prepare to move 1 distance at a time. and can move up to 12 distance at once. Whenever the Little White Dragon receives direct damage from the enemy, if its remaining Stamina is not lower than 50%, it will immediately move outside of the enemy's Attack Range.
Black Water's Evil Scales
This innate talent cannot be Sealed; The Little Black Dragon will continuously apply a large amount of random Level 3 poisons to the enemy, and reduce enemy's resistance to all types of poison.
Green Sky's Swift Rain
This innate talent cannot be Sealed; The Little Green Dragon's Injury and Old Injury markers will gradually disappear. The more Injury and Old Injury markers the Little Green Dragon has, the more the enemy's Attack Range will be reduced, and the Little Green Dragon's Attack Range will be increased
Scarlet Fire Pearl
This innate talent cannot be Sealed; The Red Dragon's attacks will worsen both External and Internal Injuries on the attacked body parts. When the Injury level on a body part reaches 4, it will be considered Broken.
Honored Within Heavens
This innate talent cannot be Sealed; Whenever enemy's Break technique reaches at least $0$0% completion, the Little Yellow Dragon will make a random technique of the enemy Sealed. The Sealed technique's power will be decreased, lasting until the end of the battle.
White Jiao's Slender Tail
This innate talent cannot be Sealed; This Jiao has to prepare to move 1 distance at a time. and can move up to 12 distance at once
Black Jiao's Evil Scales
This innate talent cannot be Sealed; This Jiao will continuously apply a large amount of random Level 3 poisons to the enemy
Green Jiao's Iron Back
This innate talent cannot be Sealed; This Jiao's Injury and Old Injury markers will gradually disappear
Red Jiao's Flaming Eye
This innate talent cannot be Sealed; This Jiao's attacks will worsen both External and Internal Injuries on the attacked body parts
Yellow Jiao's Lonely Horn
This innate talent cannot be Sealed; Whenever enemy's Break technique reaches at least $0$0% completion, this Jiao will make a random technique of the enemy Sealed
Myriad Rhymes Thousand Sounds
This innate talent cannot be Sealed; Qiuniu is immune to all Defeat Markers other than Daze markers
Revenge Over Dirty Look
Accumulate Damage Taken
This innate talent cannot be Sealed; Whenever the enemy deals direct damage to the Yazi, it will be added to its next attack. Yazi cannot be defeated while its next attack still has additional damage
Demon-Frightening Lookout
Add External Injury
Add Internal Injury
This innate talent cannot be Sealed; Whenever the enemy is near the Chaofeng, for every 0.5 distance moved forward the enemy will receive 1 External Injury; Whenever the enemy is away from the Chaofeng, for every 0.5 distance moved backwards the enemy will receive 1 Internal Injury
Ringing Bell of Four Oceans
Negate Mixed Damage
This innate talent cannot be Sealed; Pulao cannot take more than one type of direct damage at a time; When Pulao receives direct External damage, he becomes immune to all direct External damage until he receives Daze damage or direct Internal damage; When Pulao receives direct Internal damage, he becomes immune to all direct Internal damage until he receives Daze damage or direct External damage; When Pulao receives Daze damage, he becomes immune to all Daze damage until he receives direct External or Internal damage.
Heavenly Flame Golden Flower
All Damage to Fatal
This innate talent cannot be Sealed; Suanni's Fatal Wound damage is greatly increased; All direct damage dealt by Suanni turns into Fatal Wound damage
Back Carry Thousand Years
Reduce Deflect Damage
This innate talent cannot be Sealed; Damage to Baxia's Deflect is greatly decreased; Baxia's Deflect works on enemy techniques
Upright Justice Brave Might
Penetration Up
Raise Int/Ext Def.
This innate talent cannot be Sealed; When Bian attacks an enemy with negative Fame, Bian's Ext. and Int. Pen. will be greatly increased based on how negative the enemy's Fame is; When Bian gets attacked by an enemy with negative Fame, Bian's Ext. and Int. Def. will be greatly increased based on how negative the enemy's Fame is
Refined and Outstanding
This innate talent cannot be Sealed; The enemy's Accuracy and Resolve stats cannot exceed the sum of their Music, Chess, Literature, and Painting attainments; The enemy's ATK and Defense stats cannot exceed the sum of their Carpentry, Smithing, Weaving, and Gemcutting attainments
Fire Repelling Stream Surge
This innate talent cannot be Sealed; Whenever Chiwen attacks an enemy, if any True Qi of the enemy is higher than its initial value, it will be greatly reduced. If any True Qi of the Chiwen is lower than its initial value, it will be greatly increased. The lower the enemy's True Qi than its initial value, and the higher the Chiwen's True Qi than its initial value, the more the direct damage of Chiwen's attacks will be.
Continuously Raising True Qi
Continuously Lowering True Qi
Int. Injury Immunity
You're Immune to Int. Injuries
Immunity to Internal damage accumulation and Internal Injury markers
Ext. Injury Immunity
You're Immune to Ext. Injuries
Immunity to External damage accumulation and External Injury markers
Daze Immunity
You're Immune to Daze
Immunity to Daze damage accumulation and Daze markers
Weak Point Immunity
Immunity to Weak Point markers
Sealed Acupoint Immunity
Immunity to Sealed Acupoint markers
Fatal Wound Immunity
You're Immune to Fatal Wounds
Immunity to Fatal Wound markers
Certain Death Immunity
You're Immune to Certain Death
Immunity to Certain Death markers
Implanting Gu King
Implanting Gu King into the Enemy
Implant Gu King into the enemy's body
Implanting Gu King into Yourself
Implant Gu King into your body
Immune to Health damage
Ignore Health Effects
Fifteen Ancient Methods
I seem to remember...
Ancient Method Weak Point Backlash
This secret technique cannot be Sealed; The Inhale/Stance Cost of any Break technique performed by the Resurrected Person is greatly reduced; Resurrected Person's Break techniques don't require Styles to use; Cast Time of any technique performed by the Resurrected Person is increased; While the Resurrected Person is performing any technique, if they get hit by the same technique from the enemy, the Resurrected Person will suffer backlash from this secret technique
Great Power Brave Ability
Remove Your Strength
When user has at least 3 Fatal Wound markers: Reduces the Fatal Wound damage dealt by the enemy based on the user's current Strength, and continuously consumes user's Strength
When enemy has at least 3 Fatal Wound markers: Increases the Fatal Wound damage dealt to the enemy based on the user's current Strength, and continuously consumes user's Strength
Death Qi Seizes Soul
Death Qi Ravages Organs
Because of the agitation of death energy in the chest, it was as if being stabbed by thousands of knives. Not only was the pain unbearable, it was difficult to activate the power, and the internal organs were also destroyed...
Eight Lives Qi
Eight Lives Qi causes Backlash damage to the enemy
Backlash
Injured by the backlash from the Eight Lives Qi
Eight Deaths Qi
Injured by the backlash from the Eight Deaths Qi
Unable to use...
