Taiwu Village





Since we have arrived at Taiwu Village, we might as well rest for a while in the village to relieve the fatigue of the journey...
Now that we have arrived at Taiwu Village, it is time for us to check whether the affairs of the village are well organized...
Since we have arrived at Taiwu Village, the villagers are laboring hard, so we might as well offer our condolences...
Now that we have arrived at Taiwu Village, we can put our worries behind us for the time being...
Since we have arrived at Taiwu Village, what interesting things have happened recently, we have to talk to the villagers first...
Since we have arrived at Taiwu Village, we can order the villagers to put all the goods to their own use...
Capital







Despite the chaos, the capital is still so prosperous, see how grand in the past...
Chengdu







Chengdu is known as the 'Land of Heavenly Capital', and there is no danger of freezing and discouragement in the year, and the people are happy...
Guizhou







People all say that Guizhou jade blue Luo Qing, a thousand peaks competing for beauty, is indeed true to its name...
Xiangyang







Xiangyang is located in the key north-south road, visible to the four directions of business travelers...
Taiyuan







Taiyuan City is located in the heights, set five generations of the Dragon's breath, is really extraordinary weather...
Guangzhou







Guangzhou is located in the south of Lingnan, far away from the Central Plains, so the people are simple and enjoy themselves...
Qingzhou







Qingzhou is built against the sea, enjoying the convenience of canals and the benefits of fish and salt, which can be called affluent...
Jiangling







Xiaoxiang night rain, Dongting autumn moon, Jiangling is located in the zephyr country, the city has a unique scenery...
Fuzhou







Fuzhou in the event of war is not famine, famine is not plundered, disaster is not stained, it is really a feng shui treasure...
Liaoyang







Liaoyang guards the border, Yanbei Great Wall from here to the west stretches for thousands of miles, is really spectacular...
Qinzhou







Qinzhou is a major town on the Silk Road, which is essential for Hu-Han commerce, and exotic flavors can be seen everywhere...
Five Immortals







The city of Dali has a mixture of clans and tribes, but it is a peaceful place...
Shouchun







Shouchun water and land access, the city walls towering, visible in the past the legacy of the Chu capital...
Hangzhou







The so-called Qiantang prosperous place, Hangzhou smoke and willow painting bridge, is indeed beautiful...
Yangzhou







Yangzhou is blessed by the water of three rivers and five lakes, which nourishes all living things and makes it a land of abundance...
Shaolin Temple







The Shaolin practiced the right way in the world and stood at the top of the Middle Mountain, which is called Taishan Beidou...
Shaolin uses martial arts as Zen, with a heart for all beings in the six paths and compassion for the world...
There is nothing to come from and nothing to go to, only Shaolin has this supreme coolness in the chaotic world...
The Shaolin is devoted to Buddha. Has Buddha ever rewarded them with any treasures?
The Shaolin is empty of martial arts, but all they do is meditate all day long, which is really stupid...
Emei Sect







Emei Sect of righteousness for the line, chivalry for the heart, the small-minded people are not afraid of...
Emei Sect of Buddhism and Taoism, to save the world as its own responsibility, often down the mountain to help the suffering and save people...
The people of Shuzhong, Emei Sect of martial arts from a wide range of strengths, is indeed a large sect weather...
Emei martial arts is called five flowers and eight leaves, but I think it has a mixed but not refined suspicion...
Emei when the name penetrated the martial arts, a call for a hundred, but unfortunately now only know chanting Buddha asked...
Hundred Flowers Valley







Hundred Flowers Valley hanging pots to help the world, benevolence and righteousness, the jianghu people all look up to...
The Hundred Flowers Valley healers are benevolent and have saved countless living beings, which can be said to be of great merit...
Hundred Flowers Valley flowing water does not rot, four seasons evergreen, is indeed a heavenly paradise...
The Hundred Flowers Valley is famous for the art of the Royal Needle, a needle can make people alive, since it can also teach people to die...
Healers do not heal themselves, although the Hundred Flowers Valley to save countless people, I do not know whether they can save their own...
Wudang Sect







Non-true martial arts is not enough when it is, to martial arts to stop the Gog, it is the Wudang by fax law...
The Wudang School has the heart of the people and the world as its way, so it is a famous Taoist sect...
The way of Wudang is based on nature, and although it has virtue in the world, it does not claim its own merits...
Wudang specializes in internal kung fu, with a static control, ordinary people are afraid that they can not resist...
The Wudang Sect often says that the Taoist law is natural, but chivalry, is not self-contradictory...
Yuanshan Sect







The Yuanshan Sect is responsible for eliminating demons and defending the Tao, emphasizing righteousness rather than life, and is indeed a model of righteousness...
The Yuanshan Sect is dedicated to subduing demons and protecting the people, and its reputation for chivalry has spread far and wide in the Jianghu...
If you are trapped by the demons of the heart, you can go to that Yuan Shan stone prison to meditate for a moment...
The Yuanshan Sect members use their swords and legs superbly, could it be that they have three heads and six arms?
Yuanshan Sect for the sake of righteousness, but in vain of their own safety, such behavior is puzzling...
Lion-Face Clan







The Lion-Face Clan roams across Lingnan, forming parties and groups and acting mostly unchecked...
The Lion-Face Clan disciples are competitive and act recklessly, and the local people also have a lot of criticism...
Though the Lion-Face Clan disciples are rude and brutal, a piece of heart is rare and precious...
The Lion-Face Clan does not know writing, but its boldness and chivalry, but a hundred times better than that sour literati...
The Lion-Face Clan disciples are straightforward in nature, and their kung fu is fierce and domineering, so they do have a bit of a lion's temperament...
Ranshan Sect







However, the Ranshan Sect practice are all ethereal things, the so-called Tao of Immortality is nothing more than a castle in the air...
The Ranshan Sect is so focused on the path of the immortals that it seldom knows the hardships of people's lives...
The Ranshan Sect holds the pivot and abides by the rules for years and years, which can be said to be close to the way of the immortals...
Ranshan Sect lives high in the clouds, and its disciples often travel to the four seas, but they are at ease and happy...
The path to immortality is not about others, so the Ranshan Sect of cultivation of truth and nourishment, only in their own body...
Xuannyu Peak







Xuannyu Sect cut off love, 100 years as one, such integrity is indeed honorable...
Xuannyu Sect is isolated from the world and goes straight up into the clouds, so it's not too high up...
Xuannyu Sect only to women as the honor, the practice of kung fu as much as the state of extreme beauty, it is not a false statement...
Although Xuannyu Sect is good at music, but they are all cool tunes, how can they not have a little fun...
What is that ' Jade Mirror' treasure that has caused the Xuannyu Sect to obsess over it to this extent...
Sword Manor







Sword Manor's blades are famous all over the world, so the sacred weapons should be used for the right way...
In these chaotic times, if you have a sword casting equipment, also enough to protect the whole...
Sword Manor casting more than a sacred weapon, has always been praised by the martial arts...
Legend has it that when Ou Yezi cast his sword here, the light was so bright that he really wanted to see it with his own eyes...
Sword Manor casting weapons although good, but the divine soldier but not everyone can make...
Kongsang Sect







Empty Sang School is obsessed with the Tao of Dan and seeks immortality with a mortal body, is it not vain...
The Kongsang Sect is well versed in pharmacology, but it is a pity that it can't be used to save lives and heal people...
This place is snowy all year round, but the grass and trees in the Air Sang School are flourishing, which is the creation of heaven and earth......
By virtue of the drug and poison techniques of the Kongsang Sect, even if one is not allowed to live a long life, one can still live a life in style...
Life is short, and the way of longevity sought by the Kongsang Sect is right up my alley...
Vajrayana







Vajra Sect is living in the western region, bewitching the people and gathering disciples, and has become a great danger to the martial arts world...
Vajra Sect, under the name of Tantric Sect, practiced tyrannical deeds, which are outrageous to humans and gods...
The Western Region is a place outside of the world, so the generation of the Vajra Sect has been able to run rampant for a hundred years...
Dual cultivation and initiation, the way of Vajrayana practice is really different from that of the Central Plains Buddhists...
Being in the Western Region, if you report the name of the Vajra Sect, you will be one step ahead of others everywhere, and it is not a good wind...
Five Immortals Cult







The Five Poisons Sect spends its days with poisonous insects, and its compulsion is secretive and cruel, not the right way...
Miaojiang poisonous parasites are chilling, martial artists, whether they are good or evil, avoid them...
Miao village in the middle of the birds and flowers, full of life, but not like the rumors of the horror...
The Five Immortals acted without restraint, love and hate clearly, so the pleasure is very much in my heart...
Miaojiang poisonous parasites have always been scorned by people in the martial arts, which can be described as a great weapon to walk the jianghu...
Jieqing Cliff



My sister and I grew up here since we were young... Now we remember the past, but it's all just smoke...



Jieqing Gate to assassination as a business, the final is not bright and righteous way, is the great and powerful people do not do...
Jieqing Gate is well versed in chess theory, I'm afraid that in their eyes, human life is also like chess pieces...
The Jieqing Gate acts cleanly and with a mission to achieve, and is known for its credibility in the jianghu...
Boundary Qingmen regard life and death as a chess game, this bog earth is a game...
Jieqing Gate people with great skills, but unfortunately can only hide the shape of anonymity, shall not remain famous in the jianghu...
Fulong Altar







Though the Fulong Altar makes a living by plundering, it is not like the ordinary recklessness, and it seems to have another set of guidelines...
In the name of enshrining the true dragon, the Foo Long Tan was plagiarized and the coastal people suffered from it...
The Dragon Altar is dedicated to the real dragon, but it is only a rumor, I do not know whether it is true or not...
Although the Fulong Altar behavior is not very pleasing, but the wine and food is full...
The Fulong Altar amasses gold and silver, but most of it is used for rituals, and it can't even be used for practical purposes...
Blood Cult







All evils gather in the Bloodhound Cult, the strongest are honored and there is no law and order...
The Bloodhound Sect honors the phase pivot, and the sect performs evil blood sacrifices, all of which are horrifying...
The Bloodhound Sect does everything, although it can be called vicious, but it is also forced by the times...
This valley is so eerie, there seems to be a smell of blood, but it is haunting...
The Bloodhound Sect has always been my way, not afraid of the side of the non-sense, the jianghu people should be so...
(stockaded) village







There is a crowded place in front of us, so if you meet someone in trouble, you can help them...
There is a crowded place ahead, if you are tired of traveling, you may want to rest for a while...
There is a crowded place in front of us, so if you are short of supplies, you might as well buy them here...
There's a crowded place just up ahead, so you might want to ask what's interesting...
Ahead is where the people gather, where the people are, there must be a profit...
Chickens

Is this cry... the 'Yuan chicken' that delights in cricket?





The village seems to be coming from the extraordinarily bright cockcrow, there must be something extraordinary...
The village seems to be heard in the exceptionally bright cockcrowing, may wish to stay here for a moment...
The village seems to be coming from the extraordinarily bright cockcrow, could it be a blessing for us...
The village seems to be coming from the extraordinarily bright cockcrow, may wish to enter the village to explore...
The village seems to be coming from the extraordinarily bright cockcrow, must be hiding some treasure...
Tea Party


Is the neighborhood hosting a tea party? Such a small rehearsal is enough to entertain the mountain villagers...


A tea party is being held in the neighborhood, and although drinking tea with others can enhance friendship, it can also hurt your body...

A tea party is being held in the vicinity, and there may be a jianghu warrior among them, so you may want to go and make friends!
A tea party is being held in the neighborhood, and there may be some kind people among them, so you may want to go and make friends...
A tea party is being held in the vicinity, and there may be some high profile people among them, so you may want to go and make friends...
A tea party is being held in the neighborhood, and there may be some interesting people among them, so you may want to go and make friends...
A tea party is being held in the neighborhood, and there must be some powerful dignitaries among them, so you might as well go and make friends with them...
repose


Is the neighborhood hosting a banquet? Such a small rehearsal is enough to entertain the mountain villagers...


A banquet is being held nearby, and drinking tea with others may enhance friendship, but it will also hurt your body...

A banquet is being held in the vicinity, and there may be a jianghu warrior among them, so you might as well go and make friends!
A banquet is being held in the vicinity, and there may be some benevolent and righteous people among them, so you might as well go and make friends with them...
A banquet is being held in the vicinity, and there may be some high profile people among them, so you may want to go and make friends...
A banquet is being held nearby, and there may be some interesting people among them, so you may want to go and make friends...
A banquet is being held in the vicinity, and there must be some powerful and important people among them, so you might as well go and make friends with them...
Green Hut Crossing Worship





The wedding has begun, I naturally rejoice for you, but for some reason... and melancholy...

The wedding has begun, I heard that when receiving the bride there are often evil beggars blocking the way, quite abominable...
The wedding has begun, don't keep your sweetheart waiting...
The wedding has already begun, and I've heard that it's a tedious ritual, so perhaps it will take some effort...
The wedding has already begun and you must not have gotten into any affair, or else...
The wedding has already begun. I wonder how many dignitaries will come to celebrate your wedding?
Spring Fair




There's a market going on here, it's a lot busier than in the village, and the kittens would love it if they could see it...


A fair is being held nearby, in which useful items may be purchased!
There's a fair going on in the neighborhood, in which you may be able to purchase what you want...
A fair is being held nearby, where you may be able to buy good quality goods at low prices...
A fair is being held nearby, where you may encounter interesting things!
A fair is being held nearby, in which rare items may be purchased...
martial arts competition



The neighborhood is holding a tournament, I do not want to participate, if the enemy found me...



There's a martial arts competition going on nearby. If you've learned {0} before, why not give it a try?
There's a martial arts competition going on nearby. If you've learned {0} before, maybe give it a try...
There's a martial arts competition going on nearby. If you're proficient in {0}, why not give it a try?
There's a martial arts competition going on nearby. It doesn't matter if you're not good at {0}, just go and join in the fun!
There's a martial arts competition going on nearby. If you don't know {0}, don't go and embarrass yourself...
Competitive Art Conference - Carpentry


Nearby seems to be held in the more art, to participate in such competitions, I'm afraid to humiliate my identity, think of my ancestors...




There is a contest being held nearby, and I hear that the winner will be known to be good at the art, so you should give it a try!
There is a contest being held nearby, and I heard that the winner will be the one who knows the people who are good at the art, so you might want to give it a try...
A contest is being held in the neighborhood, and I hear that those who know people who are good at art are more likely to win...
There is a contest being held nearby, and it's interesting to hear that you need to know someone who is good at the art to win!
There's a contest going on nearby, and I hear it's not hard to win if you know the people and are good at the art...
Competitive Art Conference - Gemcutting






Competitive Art Conference - Weaving






Competitive Art Conference - Smithing






Competitive Art Conference - Culinary Arts






Competitive Art Conference - Medicine






There is a contest being held nearby, and I hear that the winner will be the one who knows how to heal people, so you should give it a try!
There is a contest of arts being held in the neighborhood, and I heard that the winner will be the one who knows people who are good at medicine, so you might want to give it a try...
A contest is being held nearby, and I've heard that those who know people who are good at medicine are more likely to win...
There was a contest being held nearby, and it was interesting to hear that you had to know someone who was good at medicine in order to win!
There's a contest being held nearby, and I hear it's not hard to win if you know people who are good at medicine...
Competitive Art Conference - Toxicology






There is a contest being held nearby, and I heard that the winner will be the one who knows how to use poison, so you should give it a try!
There is a contest being held in the neighborhood, and I heard that the winner should know that people are good at poisons, so you might want to give it a try...
The neighborhood is hosting a competition, and I heard that those who know people who are good at poison are more likely to win...
There is a competition being held nearby, and it is interesting to hear that you need to know someone who is good at poison to win!
There's a contest being held nearby, and I heard that to win you need to know someone who is good at poisons, which isn't hard...
World Cricket Congress

There's a weaving convention nearby, and this is my 'specialty'!





There is actually a weaving convention nearby, so if you have a mighty weaving, you might want to give it a try!
There's even a weaving convention nearby, and I heard that there's a healer there who can cure weaving...
There's a weaving convention nearby, and I heard that the winner gets a rare weaving...
There is actually a weaving convention nearby, and I heard that the secret bazaar is quite interesting!
There's even a weaving convention nearby, so we might as well go for the title of 'General of Weaving Promotion'!
Sect competition- Shaolin







The Shaolin is holding a more martial arts, and I heard that the people are competing in martial arts and preaching scriptures and discussing Zen... in a very loud and powerful manner!
The Shaolin is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that the competition will also test the disciples' Buddhist studies...
The Shaolin is holding a martial arts competition, and it is heard that those who are not good at Buddhism will find it difficult to win...
The Shaolin is holding a martial arts competition, and I hear it's a lively one, don't you want to take a look?
Shaolin is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that if you want to excel, you need to be good at Buddhism...
Sect competition- Emei







The Emei Sect is holding a more martial arts, and I heard that all the people are competing in martial arts, and each of them is describing the essence of the gong method... The sound is very powerful!
Emei Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that this competition will also test the insights of the disciples...
Emei Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and it is difficult to win for those who have heard little about it...
The Emei Sect is holding a tournament, and I hear it's a lively event. Don't you want to see it?
Emei Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that if you want to stand out from the crowd, you need to be knowledgeable and knowledgeable...
Sect competition- Hundred Flowers







The Hundred Flowers Valley is holding a more martial arts, and I heard that the people are competing in martial arts and medical... skills, which is very powerful!
Hundred Flowers Valley is holding a more martial arts, heard that this more martial arts will also test more disciples medical skills...
The Hundred Flowers Valley is holding a martial arts competition, and it is heard that it is difficult for those with poor medical skills to win...
The Hundred Flowers Valley is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that the competition is very lively, don't you want to see it?
The Hundred Flowers Valley is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that if you want to stand out from the crowd, you need to be good at medicine...
Sect competition- Wudang







The Wudang Sect is holding a more martial arts, and I heard that all the people are competing in martial arts, and they are participating in the Xuanxuan and discussing the road... in a very powerful way!
Wudang Sect is holding a more martial arts, heard that this more martial arts will also test more disciples Taoism...
The Wudang Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and it is heard that it is difficult for those with poor Taoist skills to win...
The Wudang Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that the competition is very lively, don't you want to see it?
The Wudang Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that if you want to excel, you need to be good at Taoism...
Sect competition- Yuanshan







The Yuanshan Sect is holding a more martial arts, and I heard that all the people are competing in martial arts, cutting off the evil and eliminating the treacherous... voice is very powerful!
Yuanshan Sect is holding a more martial arts, heard that this more martial arts will also order the disciples to kill the evil disciples...
The Yuanshan Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and it is heard that it is difficult to win without executing the villains...
The Yuanshan Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and I hear it's very lively, don't you want to take a look?
The Yuanshan Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and it is heard that if you want to stand out from the crowd, you need to fight to the death...
Sect competition- Lion Face







The Lion-Face Clan is holding a comparison of martial arts, and I heard that the crowd is raising the prestige and showing off... the sound is very powerful!
The Lion-Face Clan is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that this competition will also test the prestige of the disciples...
The Lion-Face Clan is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that it's hard to win without Wei...
The Lion-Face Clan is holding a martial arts competition, and I hear it's very lively, don't you want to take a look?
The Lion-Face Clan is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that those who have a powerful voice can also stand out from the crowd...
Sect competition- Ranshan







Ranshan Sect is holding a more martial arts, and I heard that all the people are competing in martial arts, and each of them is discussing the arts... in a very powerful way!
The Ranshan Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that this competition will also test the disciples' skills...
The Ranshan Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that it is difficult for those who are not good at arts to win...
The Ranshan Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that the competition is very lively, don't you want to take a look?
The Ranshan Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that if you want to excel, you need to be good at arts...
Sect competition- Xuannyu







Xuannyu Sect is holding a more martial arts, heard that the people are competing in martial arts, and the comparison of the art of finishing... is very powerful!
Xuannyu Sect is holding a competition martial arts, heard that this competition martial arts will also test the disciples of the art of decoration...
The Xuannyu Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and I've heard that it's difficult for those with poor grooming skills to win...
The Xuannyu Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and I hear it's a lively one, don't you want to take a look?
The Xuannyu Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and I've heard that if you want to stand out from the crowd, you need to be good at the art of grooming...
Sect competition- Sword Manor







The Sword Manor is holding a more martial arts, and I heard that all the people are competing in martial arts, and each of them discusses the way... of casting soldiers, which is very powerful!
Sword Manor is holding more martial arts, heard that this more martial arts will also test more disciples casting the way...
Sword Manor is holding a martial arts competition, and it is heard that those who are not good at casting weapons will find it difficult to win...
The Sword Manor is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that the competition is very lively, don't you want to take a look?
Sword Manor is holding a martial arts competition, I heard that if you want to stand out from the crowd, you also need to be good at casting weapons...
Sect competition- Kongsang







Kongsang Sect is holding a more martial arts, heard the crowd than the martial arts, scrambling to donate resources... sound is very powerful!
The Kongsang Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that this competition will also make disciples donate resources...
The Kongsang Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and it is heard that it is difficult for those who have few resources to win...
The Kongsang Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that the competition is very lively, don't you want to take a look?
The Kongsang Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and it is heard that those who have sufficient resources can also stand out from the crowd...
Sect competition- Metal







The Vajrayana is holding a comparison of martial arts, and it is very loud to hear that the people are competing in martial arts and giving... alms widely!
The Vajrayana is holding a match, and I heard that this match will also make the disciples give out silver money...
The Vajrayana is holding a martial arts competition, and it has been heard that it is difficult for those who are short of silver money to win...
The Vajrayana is holding a tournament, and I hear it's a very lively event, don't you want to take a look?
The Vajrayana is holding a martial arts competition, and those who have heard of the abundance of silver money can also be extracted from the group...
Sect competition- Five Immortals







The Five Immortals Cult is holding a comparison of martial arts, and I heard that the people are competing in martial arts and comparing poisonous techniques... The sound is very powerful!
The Five Immortals are holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that this martial arts competition will also test the disciples' poisonous skills...
The Five Immortals Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and it is heard that it is difficult for those with poor poison skills to win...
The Five Immortals are holding a martial arts competition, and I hear it's a lively one, don't you want to take a look?
The Five Immortals are holding a martial arts competition, and it is heard that if you want to stand out from the crowd, you need to be good at the art of poisoning...
Sect competition- Jieqing







Jieqing Gate is holding a more martial arts, heard the crowd both than martial arts, but also to determine the life and death... momentum is very powerful!
Jieqing Gate is holding a match, heard that this match will also make the disciples fight to the death...
Jieqing Gate is holding a martial arts competition, heard that those who are afraid of death, it is difficult to win...
The Jieqing Gate is holding a martial arts competition, and I hear it's very lively, don't you want to take a look?
Jieqing Gate is holding a martial arts competition, heard that if you want to stand out from the crowd, you need to fight to the death...
Sect competition-Volume







The Fulong Altar is holding a comparison of martial arts, and I heard that the people are competing in martial arts and cooking... is very loud and powerful!
Fulong Altar is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that this competition will also test the disciples' cooking skills...
Fulong Altar is holding a martial arts competition, and I've heard that it's hard to win if you're not a good cook...
Fulong Altar is holding a tournament, and I hear it's a lively competition, don't you want to see it?
The Fulong Altar is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that if you want to stand out from the crowd, you need to be good at cooking...
Sect competition-The Bloodhound.







The Bloodhound Sect is holding a more martial arts, and I heard that the people are competing in martial arts and sacrificing to the honored god... The sound is very powerful!
The Bloodhound Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and I heard that this competition will also make the disciples kill the righteous people...
The Bloodhound Sect is holding a martial arts competition, and it is heard that it is difficult to win without executing a warrior...
The Bloodhound Sect is holding a tournament, and I hear it's very lively, don't you want to take a look?
The Bloodhound Sect is holding a martial arts competition, heard that if you want to pull out of the group, you still need to fight to the death...
The match- Capital





The capital is organizing a marriage invitation, I heard that the beauty of the invitation is graceful...
The capital is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that if you want to get married, you may need the help of fellow travelers!
The capital is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if there are fellow helpers, or easier to get the favor of a good woman...
The capital is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that if you have the help of your colleagues, it will be easier for you to stand out from the suitors...
The capital is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that it is titled "Getting More Help", which sounds a bit interesting!
The capital city is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that if you want to get a beautiful woman, you need to be assisted by fellow travelers!
Martial Arts Tournament - Dali





Dali is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that the beautiful woman who is recruiting is bold and spontaneous...
Dali is organizing a marriage ceremony, and it is said that if you want to get married, you may need to know how to handle the world of a beautiful woman!
Dali is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you know the way of the beauty of the world, or more likely to get her favor...
Dali is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you know the way of a good person in the world, it is easier to stand out from the applicants...
Dali is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that the theme is to jump to the moon to pass on love, it sounds somewhat interesting!
Dali is organizing a marriage ceremony, and it is said that if you want to win a beauty, you have to know how to handle the world!
The match- Taiyuan





Taiyuan is organizing a recruitment campaign, and I heard that the beautiful woman who is recruiting is not a woman...
Taiyuan is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that if you want to get married, you may need to be strong in martial arts!
Taiyuan is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you have excellent martial arts skills, or more likely to get the favor of a good woman...
Taiyuan is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you have excellent martial arts skills, it is easier to stand out from the applicants...
Taiyuan is organizing a marriage recruiting event, and I heard that it is titled as a martial arts competition, which sounds somewhat interesting!
Taiyuan is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and it is said that if you want to win a beauty, you have to be excellent in martial arts!
The match- Shouchun





Shouchun is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that the beautiful woman who is recruiting is valiant...
Shouchun is organizing a marriage ceremony, and I heard that if you want to get married, you may need to be brave and good at hunting!
Shouchun is holding a marriage recruitment, heard that if the prima donna is good at hunting, it may be easier to get the favor of a good woman...
Shouchun is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you are brave and good at hunting, you will be more likely to stand out from the suitors...
Shouchun is organizing a marriage recruitment, and I heard that it is based on the theme of hunting and competing for the title, which sounds somewhat interesting!
Shouchun is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and it is said that if you want to win a beautiful woman, you must be brave and a good hunter!
Matchmaking - Guangzhou





Guangzhou is organizing the recruitment of marriage, I heard that the beautiful woman of the recruitment of marriage is elegant and dusty...
Guangzhou is organizing a marriage ceremony, and it is said that if you want to get married, you may need to know the nature of the woman!
Guangzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you know the nature of the beautiful people, or easier to get her favor...
Guangzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you know the temperament of a good woman, it is easier to stand out from the suitors...
Guangzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that the theme is to search for flowers and tie the knot, which sounds a bit interesting!
Guangzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and it is said that if you want to win a beautiful woman, you need to know her temperament!
Matchmaking - Chengdu





Chengdu is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that the good people who are recruiting are bold and uninhibited...
Chengdu is organizing a marriage ceremony, and I heard that if you want to get married, you may need to be a good drinker!
Chengdu is holding a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you can drink too much, or more likely to get a good woman's favor...
Chengdu is hosting a marriage recruitment campaign, and it is rumored that if you can drink too much, you are more likely to stand out from the suitors...
Chengdu is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that it is based on Cui'e's persuasion of wine, which sounds somewhat interesting!
Chengdu is organizing a marriage ceremony, and it is said that if you want to win a beautiful woman, you have to be a good drinker!
The match- Yangzhou





Yangzhou is organizing a recruitment campaign, I heard that the beautiful people are like a cloud, calling for a dazzling...
Yangzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that if you want to get married, you may need to be excellent in talent!
Yangzhou is holding a marriage recruitment, I heard that if the talent is excellent, or more likely to get the favor of the good lady...
Yangzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you are very talented, it is easier to stand out from the applicants...
Yangzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that it is based on the theme of beauty competition, which sounds a bit interesting!
Yangzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that if you want to win a beauty, you have to be excellent in talent!
The match- Hangzhou





Hangzhou is organizing a marriage call, I heard that the good woman of the call is sentimental...
Hangzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that if you want to make a good match, you may have to be as good as your word!
Hangzhou is holding a marriage recruitment, heard that if the words and deeds, or more likely to get the favor of the good lady...
Hangzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment, heard that if the words and deeds are united, it is easier to stand out from the applicants...
Hangzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that it is the theme of the river lanterns to pass on love, it sounds somewhat interesting!
Hangzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you want to get a beautiful woman, you have to be in line with the words and deeds!
Matchmaking - Guizhou





Guizhou is organizing a marriage recruitment, and I heard that the beautiful woman who is recruiting is very talented and clear...
Gui Zhou is organizing a marriage ceremony, and it is said that if you want to get married, you may need to know the way of the world of a beautiful woman!
Gui Zhou is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you know the way of the beautiful people in the world, or easier to get her favor...
Gui Zhou is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you know the way of a good person in the world, it is easier to stand out from the applicants...
Gui Zhou is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that it is titled "Passing on Love in Mountain Songs", which sounds somewhat interesting!
Gui Zhou is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and it is heard that if you want to win a beautiful woman, you have to know the way of a beautiful woman in the world!
The match- Jiangling





Jiangling is organizing a marriage call, and I heard that the beauty of the call is smart and clever...
Jiangling is organizing a marriage recruitment, and I heard that if you want to make a good match, you need to be sensitive and observant!
Jiangling is organizing a marriage recruitment, heard that if you are sensitive and good observation, or more likely to get the favor of a good woman...
Jiangling is organizing a marriage recruitment, heard that if you are sensitive and good observation, it is easier to stand out from the applicants...
Jiangling is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that it is based on ten sisters, which sounds somewhat interesting!
Jiangling is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you want to get a beautiful woman, you have to be sensitive and good at detecting!
Matchmaking - Fuzhou





Foochow is holding a marriage recruitment, I heard that the good woman of the recruitment is dignified and elegant...
Fuzhou is organizing a marriage ceremony, and it is said that if you want to get married, you may need to know the way of the world of a beautiful woman!
Fuzhou is holding a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you know the way of the beautiful people in the world, or more likely to get her favor...
Fuzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you know the way of good people in the world, it is easier to stand out from the applicants...
Fuzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment, and I heard that it is based on the theme of the ancestor's manifestation, which sounds a bit interesting!
Fuzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that if you want to win a beautiful woman, you have to know how to handle the world!
The match- Qinzhou





Qinzhou is organizing a marriage call, and I heard that the beauty of the call is very bold...
Qinzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment, and I heard that if you want to get married, you need to be physically strong and mentally tough!
Qinzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if the body is strong and sturdy, the heart is tough, or more likely to get the favor of a good woman...
Qinzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you are physically strong and mentally tough, it will be easier to stand out from the suitors...
Qinzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that it is based on the theme of searching for water in the desert, which sounds somewhat interesting!
Qinzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that if you want to win a beautiful woman, you have to be physically strong and mentally tough!
The match- Xiangyang





Xiangyang is organizing a marriage recruitment, and I heard that the beautiful woman who is recruiting for the marriage is beautiful...
Xiangyang is organizing a marriage ceremony, and it is said that if you want to get married, you may need to know the way of a good woman in the world!
Xiangyang is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you know the way of a good woman in the world, it may be easier to get her favor...
Xiangyang is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that it is easier to stand out from the suitors if you know the way of a good woman in the world...
Xiangyang is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that it's based on the theme of piercing the heavenly jade stone, which sounds somewhat interesting!
Xiangyang is organizing a marriage ceremony, and it is said that if you want to win a beauty, you have to know how to handle the world!
Matchmaking - Liaoyang





Liaoyang is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that the good woman of the marriage recruitment lei Luohuozhuang...
Liaoyang is organizing a marriage ceremony, and I heard that if you want to get married, you may need to know how to get in and get out!
Liaoyang is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you know the reasoning of advance and retreat, or more likely to get the favor of a good woman...
Liaoyang is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you know how to enter and exit, it will be easier to stand out from the suitors...
Liaoyang is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that it is based on the theme of white horses and green oxen, which sounds somewhat interesting!
Liaoyang is organizing a marriage ceremony, and I heard that if you want to win a beautiful woman, you have to know how to get in and get out!
The match- Qingzhou





Qingzhou is organizing a recruitment campaign, and I heard that the beautiful woman who recruited fell...
Qingzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that if you want to get married, you need to have a deep bond with a beautiful woman!
Qingzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you have a deep bond with a good person, or more likely to get her favor...
Qingzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment, I heard that if you have a deep affinity with a beautiful woman, it will be easier to stand out from the suitors...
Qingzhou is organizing a marriage ceremony, and I heard that it is titled "matchmaking", which sounds a bit interesting!
Qingzhou is organizing a marriage recruitment campaign, and I heard that if you want to win a beautiful woman, you need to have a deep bond with her!
Kickboxing - Capital( Female)





You held a marriage ceremony in the capital, but you want to find a respectable and powerful son-in-law...
You organize a marriage recruitment in the capital, or you need the help of fellow travelers to make a good marriage!
You organize a marriage recruitment in the capital, if you have the help of fellow travelers, you may be able to get married to the person you love...
You organize a marriage recruitment in the capital, if you have the help of fellow travelers, it will be easier to succeed...
It is interesting that you are organizing a marriage call in the capital and calling for friends!
You are organizing a marriage recruitment in the capital, and you need the help of your fellow travelers to make it a success!
Matchmaking - Dali (Female)





You organized a marriage ceremony in Dali, but you want to find a husband who is of one heart and one mind...
You organize marriage recruiting in Dali, or you may need to know the way of the seeker in the world in order to make a good match!
You organized a marriage recruitment in Dali, if you know the way of life of the person you like, you may be able to get married with him...
You organize a marriage recruitment in Dali, if you know the way of the seeker in the world, it will be easier to achieve success...
It is interesting that you organized a marriage recruitment in Dali and jumped over the moon to spread your love!
You are organizing a marriage recruitment in Dali, and you need to know the way of the suitors in order to be satisfied!
Kickboxing - Taiyuan( Female)





You held a marriage ceremony in Taiyuan, but you want to find a husband with great martial arts skills...
You organized a marriage recruitment in Taiyuan, or you need to be excellent in martial arts to make a good marriage!
You held a marriage recruitment in Taiyuan, if you are excellent in martial arts, you may be able to get married to the person you love...
You organize a marriage recruitment in Taiyuan, if you have excellent martial arts skills, it will be easier to succeed...
It is interesting that you organized a marriage recruitment in Taiyuan, a martial arts competition!
You organized a marriage recruitment in Taiyuan, and you need to have excellent martial arts skills to be able to satisfy your heart!
Kickboxing - Shouchun( Female)





You held a marriage ceremony in Shouchun, but you want to find a valiant and heroic son-in-law...
You held a marriage call in Shouchun, or you need to be a prima donna and a good hunter to make a good match!
You held a marriage recruitment in Shouchun, if you are brave and good at hunting, you may be able to get married to the person you love...
You organize the recruitment in Shouchun, if the prima donna is good at hunting, it will be easier to succeed...
It is interesting that you are organizing a recruiting event in Shouchun to hunt and compete for the title!
You are holding a marriage call in Shouchun, and you need to be a prima donna and a good hunter in order to be successful!
Kickboxing - Guangzhou( Female)





You held a marriage ceremony in Guangzhou, but you want to find a husband who shares the same feelings...
You are organizing a marriage recruitment in Guangzhou, or you may need to know the temperament of the suitor in order to make a good match!
You organized a marriage recruitment in Guangzhou, if you know the nature of the person you want, or you can get married with him...
You organize a marriage recruitment in Guangzhou, if you know the nature of the suitors, it is easier to succeed...
It's interesting that you organized a marriage recruitment in Guangzhou to find flowers to tie the knot!
You are organizing a marriage recruitment in Guangzhou, and you need to know the nature of the suitor to be successful!
Matchmaking - Chengdu (Female)





You are holding a marriage ceremony in Chengdu, but you want to find a husband with excellent wine virtues...
You organize a marriage recruitment in Chengdu, or you need to be able to drink too much in order to make a good match!
You are organizing a marriage ceremony in Chengdu, if you can drink too much, you may be able to get married to the one you love...
You organize a marriage recruitment in Chengdu, if you can drink too much, it will be easier to succeed...
It is interesting that you organized a marriage recruitment in Chengdu, drinking and having fun!
You are organizing a marriage recruitment in Chengdu, you need to be able to drink too much in order to be successful!
Kickboxing - Yangzhou( Female)





You organized a marriage ceremony in Yangzhou, but you want to find a talented husband...
You organized a marriage recruitment in Yangzhou, or you need to be talented to make a good marriage!
You are organizing a marriage recruitment in Yangzhou, if you have excellent talent, you may be able to get married to the person you love...
You organize a marriage recruitment in Yangzhou, if the talent is excellent, it will be easier to succeed...
You organized a marriage recruitment in Yangzhou, and it was interesting to see the fight for beauty!
You organized a marriage recruitment in Yangzhou, and you need to be talented to be successful!
Kickboxing - Hangzhou( Female)





You held a marriage ceremony in Hangzhou, but you want to find a husband with a high moral character...
You are organizing a marriage recruitment in Hangzhou, or you need to understand the hearts of the guests in order to make a good marriage!
You held a marriage recruitment in Hangzhou, if you know the heart of the person you want, or you can get married with him...
You held a marriage invitation in Hangzhou, if you know the guests' hearts, it will be easier to succeed...
You held a marriage recruitment in Hangzhou, and the river lanterns spread love, which is quite interesting!
You are organizing a marriage ceremony in Hangzhou, and you need to know the hearts of your guests in order to make it a success!
Kickboxing - Guizhou( Female)





You organized a marriage ceremony in Gui Zhou, but you want to find a husband who is of one heart and one mind...
You organize marriage recruiting in Gui Zhou, or you may need to know the way of the seeker in the world in order to make a good match!
You organized a marriage recruitment in Guizhou, if you know the way of the person you like, you may be able to get married with him...
You organize marriage recruiting in Gui Zhou, if you know the way of the suitors in the world, it will be easier to succeed...
It is interesting that you organized a marriage invitation in Gui Zhou, with songs in the mountains to convey love!
When you organize a marriage proposal in Gui Zhou, you need to know the way of the suitor's life in order to be satisfied!
Kickboxing - Jiangling( Female)





You organized a marriage ceremony in Jiangling to find a smart and wise husband...
You organized a marriage recruitment in Jiangling, or need to be sensitive and good observation, in order to make a good marriage!
You organized a marriage recruitment in Jiangling, if you are sensitive and good observation, or can be with the person you like to get married...
You organize the recruitment in Jiangling, if you are sensitive and good observation, it is easier to succeed...
It is interesting that you organize a marriage ceremony in Jiangling to watch people choose their son-in-laws!
You organize a marriage recruitment in Jiangling, you need to be sensitive and good observation, in order to be successful!
Kickboxing - Fuzhou( Female)





You organized a marriage ceremony in Fuzhou, but you want to find a husband who is of one heart and one mind...
You organize marriage recruiting in Fuzhou, or you need to know the way of the seeker in the world in order to make a good match!
You organized a marriage recruitment in Fuzhou, if you know the way of life of the person you like, or you can get married with him...
You organize marriage recruiting in Fuzhou, it would be easier to succeed if you know the way of the seeker in the world...
It is interesting that you organized a marriage recruitment in Fuzhou, where your ancestor chose his son-in-law!
You are organizing a marriage proposal in Fuzhou, and you need to know the way of the suitor's life in order to be satisfied!
Kickboxing - Qinzhou( Female)





You held a marriage ceremony in Qinzhou, but you want to find a courageous and resourceful son-in-law...
You organize a marriage recruitment in Qinzhou, or you need to be physically strong and mentally tough in order to make a good match!
You organize a marriage recruitment in Qinzhou, if you are physically strong and tough-minded, you may be able to get married to the person you love...
You organize the recruitment in Qinzhou, if the body is strong and sturdy, and the heart is tough, it is easier to succeed...
It is interesting for you to organize a marriage invitation in Qinzhou and travel the desert!
You are organizing a marriage recruitment in Qinzhou, and you need to be physically strong and mentally tough in order to be successful!
Kickboxing - Xiangyang( Female)





You organized a marriage ceremony in Xiangyang to look for a husband who is of one heart and one mind...
You organized a marriage proposal in Xiangyang, or you may need to know the way of the seeker in the world in order to make a good match!
If you organize a marriage ceremony in Xiangyang, you may be able to marry the man you love if you know his way of life...
If you organize a marriage recruitment in Xiangyang, it will be easier for you to succeed if you know the way of the suitors in the world...
It is interesting that you organized a marriage proposal in Xiangyang to pass on your love with a stone!
When you organize a marriage proposal in Xiangyang, you need to know the way of the suitor's life in order to be successful!
Kickboxing - Liaoyang( Female)





You held a marriage ceremony in Liaoyang, but you want to find a handsome husband...
You will organize a marriage ceremony in Liaoyang, or you may need to know the principle of advancement and retreat, in order to make a good marriage!
You organized the marriage recruitment in Liaoyang, if you know the reason of advancement and retreat, you may be able to get married with the person you like...
You organized the marriage recruitment in Liaoyang, if you know the reasoning behind the advance and retreat, it will be easier to succeed...
It is interesting for you to organize the recruitment in Liaoyang and gallop across the grassland!
If you are organizing a marriage recruitment campaign in Liaoyang, you need to know how to advance and retreat in order to be successful!
Kickboxing - Qingzhou( Female)





You organized a marriage recruitment in Qingzhou, but you want to find the man of your destiny...
You organize marriage recruiting in Qingzhou, and you need to have a deep bond with the person who is seeking for marriage in order to make a good match!
You organize a marriage recruitment in Qingzhou, if you have a strong bond with the person you love, you may be able to get married to him.....
You organize marriage recruiting in Qingzhou, if you have a deep bond with the suitor, it will be easier to succeed...
It is interesting that you held a marriage ceremony in Qingzhou, with the Moon King pulling the strings and the Red Maiden playing matchmaker!
You organize marriage recruiting in Qingzhou, and you need to have a deep bond with the suitor in order to be satisfied!
Swordtomb Glacial Vassal





Rumor has it that this mound is strangely cold and dangerous, so you need to be careful...
This mound flying snow in the daytime, dripping water into ice, is really strange to the extreme...
Swordtomb Spirit Smelting





Rumor has it that this mound messes with people's minds and is dangerous, so you should also be careful...
This mound peach blossom enchanting, foreign fire flying, really strange to the extreme...
Swordtomb Phoenix Cocoon





Rumor has it that this mound is impenetrable and dangerous, so you need to be careful...
This mound of golden light, water and fire do not invade, is really strange to the extreme...
Swordtomb Vanquish Evil





Rumor has it that this mound is a hideout for evil creatures, and it's dangerous, so you need to be careful...
This mound grass and trees do not grow, the living spirit is not close, it is really strange to the extreme...
Swordtomb Wonderglow





Rumor has it that this mound is secretive and unpredictable, and dangerous, but also need to be careful...
This mound of the sun and the moon are hanging, the haze is full of light, it is really strange to the extreme...
Swordtomb Draconic Anima





Rumor has it that the power of this mound is latent and dangerous, so you need to be careful...
This mound of dragon bones towering, hidden whistling sound, really strange to the extreme...
Swordtomb Weaving of MoNyu





Rumor has it that this mound is highly poisonous and dangerous, so you should also be careful...
This mound of sick birds circling, blue smoke, is really strange to the extreme...
Swordtomb Infernal Acerjail





Rumor has it that this mound is murderous and dangerous, so you need to be careful...
This mound maple forest sea of blood, the sound of killing, is really strange to the extreme...
Swordtomb Anchorite





Rumor has it that this mound is unpredictable and dangerous, so you need to be careful...
This mound is invisible to the eye, catching no quality, it is really strange to the extreme...
Return to Bamboo Hut
Usually, your righteous father is always idle, why is he so quiet today?











Down the river
What a treacherous dark river! I'm afraid it's hard to cross without a boat...











Mysterious bamboo







Xuan Shi Zi Zhu, born abnormal, there must be something strange in this!
This purple bamboo seems to be trapped between the basalt, I do not know if there can be a method to rescue...
This purple bamboo was actually born on top of a basalt stone, I wonder why?
Such a strange scene is rare, you will leave this basalt purple bamboo well...
The mysterious and bizarre places may be accompanied by chances, so you might as well find out what's going on!
Heroic Monkey
Nearby is the lair of the stubborn monkeys, you may want to visit...











Changes in the village
What a fierce fire... There seems to be someone in the village asking for help!











Derelict Stagecoach







Here is the deserted post, the matter should not be delayed, in order to avoid the people suffering, should be expelled as soon as possible evil beggars!
This is the deserted post station, the lives of people are at stake, we should expel the evil beggars as soon as possible, to save the 'great king'...
This is the deserted stagecoach station, the danger of the sword mound is imminent, should be expelled as soon as possible evil beggars, rebuild the stagecoach station...
This is a deserted post, you and I will expel the beggars as soon as possible and rebuild the post, so that we can travel around!
This is the deserted stagecoach station. I'm sure it's no big deal for Taiwu to expel the evil beggars...
Dark River
Once we cross the dark river, we may be able to find your righteous father...

Are you going to leave this place? It's a lonely place, but you and I can travel together...
Are you leaving this place? The world is a dangerous place. I'll protect you...
Are you leaving here? The world is a complicated place. I'll help you with your problems...







Valley Exit
I wonder what the world beyond the deep valley looks like? So be it, as long as I have you by my side...











Ancient Tomb of the Immortal







The Tomb Immortal is here? Let's find out if it's true or not!
The Tomb Immortal is here? I wonder if he'll blame us for intruding...
The Tomb Immortal is here? It seems that the time has come, you and I might as well go and have a look...
The Tomb Immortal is here? I'd like to see what an immortal living in a tomb looks like...
The Tomb Immortal is here? If it's the home of an immortal, there must be some exotic treasures...
The World Martial Arts Tournament







All people are speculating about who will win the alliance, I hope since the righteous warriors...
All the people are speculating about who will take the position of the alliance, and I have hoped since I am benevolent and righteous...
Everyone is speculating about who will take the title of the alliance, and I'm hoping for someone who can...
Everyone is speculating about who will win the alliance, but this has nothing to do with me...
Everyone is speculating about who will take the title of the alliance, and I'm hoping that the one who is in my favor...
Xuanzhu Avatar Descent







This bamboo since the damage to living beings, must be an evil thing undoubtedly, we should pull out as soon as possible!
I heard that this bamboo will make the surrounding people and animals infected with malignant diseases, these days, can suffer the people...
This bamboo is so strange and alien that it is difficult for human beings and animals to get close to it, and I wonder what its origin is.
Where did you get this bamboo? It looks so good, take it down and let me play with it...
This Xuanzhu actually has this kind of power, can make this place grass and trees withered, people and beasts extinct...
The Land of the Divine





If there is a way, I am willing to take your place and go to the tiger's den and the dragon's pool...
Acquaintance is full of the world, how many people can know the heart... The line of the realm of the basalt stone, ten thousand treasures!
To save the people from suffering, this is the responsibility of our generation, and the realm of the Xuan Shi should be a go!
The safety of the world depends on you, you must be careful...
The trip to the realm of the mysterious stone, do your best and listen to the fate of heaven is...
Taiwu Successor goes up to heaven and down to the earth, and is incapable of anything, so what can the realm of the Xuan Shi be able to do with you?
Not into the tiger's lair how to get a tiger's son, the realm of the basalt, and go to explore...
Nest of Beggars



Here the evil beggars are entrenched, the world is such a sinister world, so be it... I will protect you from yourself...



The evil beggars in this place, heard that they often harass the people and spread diseases, should be removed as soon as possible!
This place evil beggars entrenched, heard that if you can give them some money, or can make the beggars heart and sincere obedience...
This place evil beggars entrenched, heard that if you can give them some alms, or can avoid many fights...
This place is infested with evil beggars, what fun is it to drive them away? I heard that if you give them some alms...
This place evil beggar entrenched, heard that if you can give them some money, or can make them bow to the ear...
Camp of Thieves



This place is infested with thieves and bandits, and the world is so dangerous, so be it... I will protect your safety...



This place is infested with thieves and bandits, and I have heard that they often steal the people's belongings, so they should be removed as soon as possible!
This place thieves and bandits are entrenched, I heard that if you can convince people with your skills, you may be able to make them happy and sincere...
This place is infested with thieves and bandits, and I heard that if we can convince people with our skills, we may be able to avoid a lot of fights...
This place is infested with thieves and bandits, what's the fun of driving them away? Hearing that if you can convince people with your skills...
This place is infested with thieves and bandits, and I heard that if we can convince people with our skills, we may be able to make them bow down and listen...
Fortress of Robbers



This place is infested with bandits, the world is so dangerous, so be it... I'll protect your safety...



This place is infested with bandits, and I have heard that they are occupying the roads and bridges and robbing people's properties, so we should get rid of them as soon as possible!
This place is entrenched bandits, heard that if you can use martial arts to establish the authority, or can make them happy and sincere obedience...
This place is infested with bandits, I heard that if you can use martial arts to establish prestige, you may be able to avoid a lot of fights...
This place is infested with bandits, what's the fun of driving them away? I heard that if you can use martial arts to establish your authority...
This place is entrenched bandits, I heard that if you can use martial arts to establish the authority, or can make them bow to the ear...
Traitor Gang



This place sect traitors entrenched, the world such a dangerous and evil, so be it... I will protect your safety...



This place is entrenched in the sect traitors, heard that they mutilated the people, for the scourge of the jianghu, since they should be removed at an early date!
This place sect traitors entrenched, heard that if you can give grace to abandon the disciples, or can make their hearts and sincere obedience...
This place sect traitors entrenched, heard that if you can give grace to abandon the disciples, or can avoid some fights...
This place is infested with sectarian renegades, so what's the fun in getting rid of them? Hearing that if you can give grace to abandon the disciples...
This place sect traitors entrenched, heard that if you can give grace to abandon the disciples, or can make them bow to the ear...
Villain Valley



This place is infested with villains, the world is such a treacherous place, so be it... I will protect you from yourself...



This place is infested with villains, and I have heard that they are vicious and murderous, so they should be removed as soon as possible!
This place is infested with villains, and it is heard that if there are people who know what they are doing, they may be able to save many of these innocent people...
This place is infested with villains, I heard that if you have the knowledge of people, you may be able to avoid a lot of fights...
This place is infested with evildoers, what's the fun in driving them away? Hear if there is knowledge of the people...
This place is infested with villains, I heard that if you have the knowledge of people, you may be able to make them bow down and listen...
Aroma Array



This place is infested with demonesses, the world is such a treacherous place, so be it... I'll protect you from yourself...



This place is infested with evil women, and I heard that they specialize in bewitching people and separating couples, so they should be eliminated as soon as possible!
This place is entrenched in demon women, heard that if you keep the heart does not move, or can make them happy and sincere service...
This place is entrenched in the demon girl, heard that if you keep the heart does not move, or can avoid many fights...
This place is infested with demonesses, so what's the fun of driving them away? Hearing that if you keep your heart...
This place is entrenched in demonic women, heard that if you keep the heart does not move, or can make them bow to the ear...
Mass Grave



This place is infested with ghosts, the world is such a treacherous place, so be it... I will protect you from yourself...



The ghosts in this place are entrenched, and I have heard that they are spreading poison and killing innocent people, so they should be removed as soon as possible!
This place is entrenched in ghosts, heard that those who are not afraid of poison can go to the mass graves to explore...
This place is infested with ghosts, I heard that those who do not fear poison may be able to find traces of the living dead...
This place is infested with ghosts, and it is said that if you are not afraid of poisons, you can explore the ghosts and find victory here!
This place is infested with ghosts, and I've heard that only those who are not afraid of poisons will be able to find the secret treasure!
Talents Residence



This place is surrounded by leftist pagans, the world is so dangerous, so be it... I will protect your safety...



In this place, there are leftist pagans, and I have heard that they do not distinguish between good and evil, and that they act against the law, so they should be eliminated as soon as possible!
This place is entrenched in the left way dissidents, I heard that if you can art to convince people, or can make them happy and sincere...
This place is entrenched in the left way of the foreigner, I heard that if you can art to convince people, or can avoid a lot of fights...
This place is infested with leftist pagans, what's the fun in driving them away? I heard that if you can serve people with your art...
This place is entrenched in the left way dissidents, I heard that if you can art to convince people, or can make them bow to the ear...
Heresy Stronghold



This place foreign frontier evil people entrenched, the world such a dangerous and evil, so be it... I will protect your safety...



In this place, the evil people of the foreign frontier have been entrenched, and I heard that they set up altars to sacrifice ghosts and kill people for fun every day, so they should be removed as soon as possible!
This place is a different frontier evil people are entrenched, heard that the evil way co-owner kung fu is treacherous, and perhaps it is not appropriate to fight with them in a strong attack...
This place foreign frontier evil people entrenched, heard that if you can break the common master of the evil power, or can avoid many fights...
This place is infested with evil people from different borders, so what's the fun of driving them away? I heard that if you can break the evil power of the common master...
This place foreign frontier evil people entrenched, heard that if you can break the evil power of the common master, or can make them bow to the ear...
Asura Stage



This place is infested with heartless people, the world is so treacherous, so be it... I will protect you from yourself...



The heartless people in this place are entrenched, and I have heard that they are murderous and exterminate human beings, so they should be eliminated as soon as possible!
This place is entrenched in the heartless people, I heard that if you can break the demonic energy in this place, you may be able to save innocent people...
This place is entrenched in the heartless people, I heard that if you can break the demonic energy in this place, you may be able to avoid a lot of fights...
This place is infested with the heartless, so what's the fun of driving them away? I heard that if we can break the demonic energy in this place...
This place is entrenched in the heartless people, heard that if you can break the demonic energy in this place, or can make them bow to the ear...
Demon's Party



This place is entrenched in the devil's sect sect, the world is such a dangerous and evil, so it's okay... I will protect your safety...



This place the devil sect congregation is entrenched, heard that they are vicious and abusive, brutalization of martial arts righteousness, should be removed as soon as possible!
This place is entrenched in the devil sect congregation, heard that if you can Taoist subdue the devil, or can make them happy and sincere...
This place devil sect congregation entrenched, heard that if you can Taoist subdue the devil, or can find Moro venerable master traces...
This place is infested with demonic cultists, what fun would it be to drive them away? I heard that if you can Taoism to subdue the devil...
This place is entrenched in the devil cult congregation, heard that if you can Taoist subdue the devil, or can make them bow to the ear...
Abandoned Zone



This place is entrenched in the hidden experts, the world is such a dangerous and evil, so be it... I will protect your safety...



This place is entrenched with hidden experts, and I heard that they are full of hatred and poisoning the living, so they should be removed at an early date!
This place hidden masters entrenched, heard that if the martial arts profound, can go to the abandoned world to explore...
This place hidden masters entrenched, heard that if the martial arts is profound, or can be with the abandonment of the old man fellowship...
This place is surrounded by hidden masters, and it is heard that if you are skilled in martial arts, you may be able to explore the ghosts and find victory here!
This place is entrenched in the hidden masters, heard that if the martial arts is profound, or can make them bow to the ear...
Hall of the Righteous



This place seems to have traces of righteous people, I heard that they save lives and help people in danger, and what they do is the same as the Taoist general...



There seem to be traces of righteous men here, and I have heard that they are loved by the people, and are the very model of our generation!
This place seems to have traces of righteous people, heard that they cut down the evil and weed out the traitors, loved by the people...
This place seems to have traces of righteous people, I heard that they are loved by the people, if we can make friends with them...
This place seems to have traces of righteous people, heard that they are loved by the people, that's nothing rare...
There seems to be traces of righteous people in this place, and I heard that they are loved by the people, which is profitable...
Chivalrous League






This place seems to have any warrior traces, I heard that they are respected by the people of the jianghu, it is the model of our generation!
This place seems to have any warrior traces, heard that they are chivalrous and righteous, respected by the people of Jianghu...
This place seems to have any warrior traces, heard that they are respected by the jianghu people, if you can make friends with them...
This place seems to have any warrior traces, heard that they are respected by the jianghu people, that is nothing rare...
This place seems to have any warrior traces, heard that they are respected by the jianghu people, but it is profitable...
A World of Secrets






This place seems to have traces of chivalry, I heard that they have been eliminating demons for a long time, and they have quite a lot of experience, which is exactly the model of our generation!
There seem to be traces of chivalry in this place, and I heard that they protect the country and bless the people, and that they have been getting rid of demons for a long time, and they have a lot of experience...
This place seems to have traces of chivalry, I heard that they have been eliminating demons for a long time, quite experienced, if we can make friends with them...
This place seems to have traces of chivalry, heard that they have been eliminating demons for many years, quite experienced, that is nothing rare...
This place seems to have traces of chivalry, I heard that they have been eliminating demons for a long time, quite experienced, but it is profitable...
Treasures from Nature




There seems to be a black bear trail here, I'll take you there. To catch a black bear, you don't just need to be strong, you also need to know some music...


This place seems to have black bear traces, I heard that someone once played music to attract black bears, and now can be a test of truth!
This place seems to have black bear traces, I heard that someone once played music to attract black bears, I do not know this method can help you...
This place seems to have black bear traces, I heard that someone once played music to attract black bears, today this opportunity, may as well try...
This place seems to have black bear traces, I heard that someone once played music to attract black bears, this is something interesting, you and I should try!
This place seems to have black bear traces, I heard that someone once played music to attract black bears, this time we can not let others preempted...
Search Hericium




There seems to be monkey head mushrooms growing here, I'll take you there. You can't find monkey head mushrooms with just strength, you need to know some chess...


There seems to be monkey head mushrooms growing in this place. I heard that someone once found monkey head mushrooms by virtue of his chess skills, and now I can try the truth!
There seems to be monkey head mushrooms growing in this place, I heard that someone once found monkey head mushrooms with the help of chess, I wonder if this method can help you...
There seems to be monkey head mushrooms growing here, I heard that some people have found monkey head mushrooms with their chess skills, so I might as well give it a try today...
There seems to be monkey head mushrooms growing in this place. I heard that someone once found monkey head mushrooms by virtue of his chess skills, which is a bit interesting, so you and I should give it a try!
This place seems to have monkey head mushroom growth, I heard that there was once someone with the chess, find monkey head mushroom, this time can not let others preempt...
Search Blue peacock




There seems to be a blue peacock sighting here, I'll take you there, to catch the blue peacock just can't have the strength, but also need to know how to draw...


This place seems to have blue peacock traces, I heard that someone once painted to attract blue peacocks, and now can be a test of authenticity!
There seems to be blue peacock traces in this area, I heard that someone once painted to attract blue peacocks, I do not know if this method can help you...
This place seems to have blue peacock traces, heard that someone once painted to attract blue peacocks, today this opportunity, may wish to try...
There seems to be blue peacock traces in this place, and I heard that someone once made a painting to attract blue peacocks, this is something interesting, you and I should try!
This place seems to have blue peacock traces, heard that someone once painted to attract blue peacocks, this time can not let others preempt...
Search Dragonfish




This side seems to have sturgeon traces, I'll take you well, to catch sturgeon only have the strength can not, but also know the poetry and books...


This place seems to have sturgeon traces, heard that there have been people with calligraphy to draw out the sturgeon, and now can be a test of truth!
This place seems to have sturgeon traces, heard that there have been people with calligraphy to draw out the sturgeon, I do not know this method can help you...
This place seems to have sturgeon traces, heard that there have been people with calligraphy to draw out the sturgeon, today this opportunity, may as well give it a try...
This place seems to have sturgeon traces, heard that there have been people with calligraphy to draw out the sturgeon, this is something interesting, you and I should try!
This place seems to have sturgeon traces, I heard that there were people with calligraphy to draw out the sturgeon, this time can not let others preempt...
Search Amethyst bamboo




This side seems to have nine curved purple bamboo growth, I will take you well, to find nine curved purple bamboo just have the strength can not, but also need to bring some gold and silver materials...


This place seems to have nine curved purple bamboo growth, heard that there have been people to gold and silver to attract, and get nine curved purple bamboo, and now can be a test of authenticity!
This place seems to have nine curved purple bamboo growth, I heard that there were people with gold and silver to attract, and get nine curved purple bamboo, I do not know this method can help you...
This place seems to have nine curved purple bamboo growth, heard that there have been people with gold and silver to attract, and get nine curved purple bamboo, today, when this opportunity, may as well try...
This place seems to have nine curved purple bamboo growth, heard that there have been people to gold and silver to attract, and get nine curved purple bamboo, this thing is somewhat interesting, you and I should try!
This place seems to have nine curved purple bamboo growth, heard that there have been people to gold and silver lead, and get nine curved purple bamboo, this time can not let others preempted...
Search Obsidian sandalwood




There seems to be traces of ebony rosewood here, I'll take you well, to find ebony rosewood just can't have the strength, but also need to bring some hard iron materials...


This place seems to have a gold rosewood growth, I heard that there were people with a solid iron axe to cut wood, and get gold rosewood, and now can be a test of authenticity!
There seems to be ebony rosewood growing in this place, and I heard that someone once used a solid iron axe to cut down the wood and got ebony rosewood, I don't know if this method can help you...
This place seems to be the growth of ebony rosewood, heard that there were people with solid iron axe felling wood, and get ebony rosewood, today this opportunity, may as well give it a try...
This place seems to have a gold sandalwood growth, heard that there were people with solid iron axe felling wood, and get gold sandalwood, this thing is a bit interesting, you and I should try!
This place seems to have a gold rosewood growth, I heard that there were people with a solid iron axe felling wood, and get gold rosewood, this time can not let others preempted...
Search Gold essence




There seems to be a trace of Cicada Shell Gold here, I'll take you there. To find Cicada Shell Gold, you can't just have the strength, you need to bring along some jade materials...


This place seems to have cicadashell gold traces, heard that there have been people with beautiful jade to attract, and get cicadashell gold, and now can be a test of authenticity!
This place seems to have a cicada shell gold traces, I heard that there have been people with beautiful jade to attract, and get cicada shell gold, I do not know this method can help you...
This place seems to have a cicada shell gold traces, I heard that there have been people to the jade lead, and get cicada shell gold, today this opportunity, may as well give it a try...
This place seems to have cicadashell gold traces, heard that there have been people to jade lead, and get cicadashell gold, this is some interesting, you and I should try!
This place seems to have cicada shell gold traces, I heard that there have been people to the jade lead, and get the cicada shell gold, this time can not let others preempted...
Search Mythic iron




There seems to be traces of basaltic iron here, I'll take you there, to find basaltic iron just have the strength can not, but also need to bring some stone...


This place seems to have traces of iron, I heard that there have been people throwing gems in the mine, and get iron, and now can be a test of the truth!
This place seems to have traces of basaltic iron, I heard that there have been people throwing gems in the mines, and get basaltic iron, I do not know this method can help you...
This place seems to have traces of basaltic iron, heard that there have been people throwing gems in the mines, and get basaltic iron today when this opportunity, may as well try...
This place seems to have traces of iron, I heard that there have been people throwing gems in the mine, and get the iron this matter is somewhat interesting, you and I should try!
This place seems to have traces of basalt iron, heard that there have been people throwing gems in the mines, and get basalt iron, this time can not let others to seize the first...
Search KunLun jade




There seems to be traces of Kunlun Jade here, I'll take you there, to capture Kunlun Jade you can't just have the strength, you also need to bring some fabric materials...


This place seems to have traces of Kunlun living jade, I heard that there were people with fabric made net, captured Kunlun living jade, and now can be a test of authenticity!
There seems to be traces of Kunlun Jade in this place, I heard that someone once used fabric to make a net to catch Kunlun Jade, I don't know if this method can help you...
This place seems to have traces of Kunlun live jade, heard that there have been people with fabric made net, captured Kunlun live jade, today this opportunity, may as well give it a try...
This place seems to have traces of Kunlun living jade, I heard that there were people to fabric net, catch Kunlun living jade, this thing is somewhat interesting, you and I should try!
This place seems to have traces of Kunlun living jade, I heard that there were people with the fabric system net, captured the Kunlun living jade, this time we can not let others preempted...
Search Heavenly jade




There seems to be a trace of the God's Illumination Stone here, I'll take you well, to find the God's Illumination Stone only have the strength can not, but also need to bring some fur materials...


This place seems to have traces of God's illumination stone, heard that there have been people to fur as a guide, and get God's illumination stone, and now can be a test of authenticity!
This place seems to have traces of the divine illumination stone, I heard that someone once used the fur as a guide to get the divine illumination stone, I do not know if this method can help you...
This place seems to have traces of the divine illumination of the stone, heard that there have been people to the fur as a guide, and get the divine illumination of the stone, today this opportunity, may as well give it a try...
This place seems to have traces of the divine illumination stone, heard that there have been people to fur as a guide, and get the divine illumination stone, this thing is somewhat interesting, you and I should try!
This place seems to have a trace of the divine illumination of the stone, heard that there have been people to the fur as a guide, and get the divine illumination of the stone, this time can not let others preempted...
Search Mythic Cicadaskin




There seem to be traces of golden cicadas here, I'll take you there, find the golden cicadas can not only have the strength, but also need to bring some wood...


This place seems to have traces of golden cicadas, I heard that there have been people to use wood as a guide, and get the golden cicada cloak, and now can be a test of authenticity!
This place seems to have traces of golden cicadas, I heard that someone once used wood as a guide to get a golden cicada cloak, I do not know if this method can help you...
This place seems to have traces of golden cicadas, I heard that there have been people to wood as a guide, and get the golden wisp cicada clothes, today, when this opportunity, may as well give it a try...
This place seems to have traces of golden cicadas, I heard that there have been people to wood as a guide, and get a golden cicada cloak, this thing is somewhat interesting, you and I should try!
This place seems to have traces of golden cicadas, heard that there have been people to wood as a guide, and get the golden wisp cicada clothes, this time can not let others to seize the first...
Search Sky-silkworm silk




This side seems to have the trace of the sky silkworm, I will take you well, to find the sky silkworm only have the strength can not, but also need to bring some bamboo and rattan materials...


This place seems to have traces of heavenly silkworms, heard that there have been people to bamboo vines as a guide, and get the heavenly silkworm silk, and now can be a test of authenticity!
This place seems to have traces of heavenly silkworms, heard that there have been people to bamboo vines as a guide, and get heavenly silkworm silk, I do not know this method can help you...
This place seems to have traces of heavenly silkworms, heard that there have been people to bamboo vines as a guide, and get heavenly silkworm silk, today when this opportunity, may as well give it a try...
This place seems to have traces of heavenly silkworms, heard that there have been people to bamboo vines as a guide, and get heavenly silkworm silk, this thing is somewhat interesting, you and I should try!
This place seems to have traces of heavenly silkworms, heard that there have been people to bamboo vines as a guide, and get heavenly silkworm silk, this time can not let others preempted...
lit. disaster and happiness are intertwined (idiom); irreconcilable adversity




This side seems to have fairy grass spirit stone out of the world, I will take you well, to find them just have the strength can not, but also need to know some medical skills...


This place seems to have immortal grass spirit stone out of the world, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you have practiced medicine, or can explore the truth!
This place seems to have immortal grass spirit stone out of the world, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, you do not know medical science, or do not easily explore...
This place seems to have immortal grass spirit stone out of the world, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you know the art of healing, or can be gained...
This place seems to have immortal grass spirit stone out of the world, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you do not know the art of medicine, we are here to explore the ghosts to find victory, is also interesting!
This place seems to have immortal grass spirit stone out of the world, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you know the art of healing, when you can easily put it in the bag!
singular and positive forces converge (idiom); fig. odd and positive forces lead to opposite results




This side seems to have rare beasts and insects, fairy grass and plants out of the world, I will take you well, to find them just have the strength can not be, but also need to know some medical...


This place seems to have rare beasts and insects, fairy grass and plants, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you have practiced medicine, or you can find out!
This place seems to have rare beasts and insects, fairy grass and plants out of the world, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you do not pass the medical science, or do not easily explore...
This place seems to have rare beasts and insects, fairy grass and plants, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you know the art of healing, or can be gained...
This place seems to have rare beasts and insects, fairy grass and plants, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you do not know the art of medicine, we are here to explore the ghosts and seek victory, is also interesting!
This place seems to have rare beasts and insects, fairy grass and plants, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you know the art of medicine, when you can easily put it in the bag!
follow relentlessly through life and death




This side seems to have Ganoderma lucidum immortal grass out of the world, I will take you well, to find them just have the strength can not be, but also need to know some medical skills...


This place seems to have ganoderma lucidum immortal grass out of the world, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you have practiced medicine, or can explore the truth!
This place seems to have ganoderma lucidum immortal grass out of the world, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you do not know medical science, or do not easily explore...
This place seems to have ganoderma lucidum immortal grass out of the world, but I heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you know the art of medicine, you may be able to gain...
This place seems to have ganoderma lucidum immortal grass out of the world, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you do not know how to do medicine, we are here to explore the ghosts to find victory, is also interesting!
This place seems to have ganoderma lucidum immortal grass out of the world, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you know the art of medicine, when you can easily put it in the bag!
living fantasy (idiom); unrealistic conjunction






This place seems to have a strange beasts and stones, oddballs out of the world, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you have practiced medicine, or you can find out!
This place seems to have a strange beast god stone, oddball spirit out of the world, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you do not know medical science, or do not easily explore...
This place seems to have a foreign beasts and sacred stones, oddball spirit out of the world, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you know the art of healing, or can be gained...
This place seems to have a strange beasts and stones, oddballs out of the world, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you do not know the art of medicine, we are here to explore the ghosts to find victory, but also interesting!
This place seems to have a strange beasts and stones, oddballs out of the world, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you know the art of medicine, when you can easily put it in the bag!
all living things are born together




This side seems to have a foreign beasts and sacred stones, oddballs and spirits out of the world, I will take you well, to find them just have the strength can not be, but also need to know some medical skills...


This place seems to have big snakes and poisonous toads, strange grass immortal exposed to the world, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you have practiced medicine, or can explore the truth!
This place seems to have a big snake poisonous toad, strange grass immortal dew traces, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you do not know the medical science, or do not easily explore...
This place seems to have big snakes and poisonous toads, strange herbs fairy exposed to the world, but I heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you know the art of medicine, you may be able to gain...
This place seems to have big snakes, poisonous toads, strange grass fairy exposed in the world, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you do not know how to do medicine, we are here to explore the ghosts to find victory, it is also interesting!
This place seems to have big snakes and poisonous toads, strange grass fairy exposed to the world, just heard that it is extremely difficult to find, if you know the art of medicine, when you can easily put it in the bag!
Search Broken grass




This side seems to have broken intestines grass grows, I will take you well, to find broken intestines grass can not only have the strength, but also not afraid of strong poison...


This place seems to have broken intestines grass growth, heard that its side all over the poisonous poison, or will accidentally injure bystanders, should be removed!
This place seems to have broken intestines grass growth, heard that its side is full of strong poisonous poison, or be careful for good...
This place seems to have broken intestines grass growth, heard that its side all over the strong poisonous poison, if not fully prepared, or do not go...
This place seems to have Broken Intestine Grass, and I heard that there are poisonous toxins all around it, do you have the guts to explore it with me?
This place seems to have broken intestines grass growth, heard that its side all over the strong poisonous poison, can be collected for their own use!
Search Evil flower




There seems to be an evil flower growing here, I'll take you there, to find the evil flower just have the strength can not be, but also not afraid of the poison...


This place seems to have evil orifices flower growth, heard that its side is covered with poisonous poisons, or will accidentally injure the bystanders, should be removed!
This place seems to have evil orifices flower growth, heard that its side all over the Yu poisonous poison, or be careful for good...
This place seems to have evil orifice flower growth, heard that its side all over the Yu poisonous poison, if there is no full preparation, or do not go to...
There seems to be an evil flower growing in this place, and I heard that there are poisonous toxins all around it, do you have the guts to explore it with me?
This place seems to have evil orifices flower growth, heard that its side is full of poisonous poison, can be collected for their own use!
Search Blood toad




There seems to be a trail of blood toads here, I'll take you there, to find the blood toads can not only have the strength, but also do not fear the red poison...


This place seems to have blood toad traces, heard that its side is covered with red poisonous poison, or will accidentally injure the next person, should be removed!
This place seems to have traces of blood toads, heard that its side all over the red poisonous poison, or be careful for good...
This place seems to have traces of blood toads, heard that it is full of red poisonous poison, if not fully prepared, or do not go to...
There seems to be a trail of blood toads here, and I heard that there are red poisonous toxins all around it, do you have the guts to explore it with me?
There seems to be traces of blood toads in this place, and I heard that there are red poisonous toxins all over the place beside them, which can be collected for their own use!
Search Millennium icy-silkworm




There seems to be a trail of ice worms here, I'll take you to it, to find the ice worms only have the strength can not, but also not afraid of cold poison...


This place seems to have a thousand years of ice silkworm traces, heard that its side all over the cold poisonous poison, or will accidentally injure the next person, should be removed!
This place seems to have a thousand years of ice worms traces, heard that its side all over the cold poison poison, or be careful for good...
This place seems to have a thousand years of ice silkworm traces, heard that its side all over the cold poisonous poison, if there is no full preparation, or do not go...
There seems to be a thousand years of ice worms in this place, and I heard that it is full of cold poisonous poison, do you have the guts to explore with me?
This place seems to have a thousand years of ice silkworm traces, heard that its side all over the cold poisonous poison, can be collected for their own use!
Search Millennium cyan spider




This side seems to have a thousand years of green spider traces, I'll take you well, to find a thousand years of green spider just have the strength can not, but also need to know some poisonous arts...


This place seems to have a thousand years of green spider traces, heard that it is extremely difficult to capture, if you have practiced poisonous techniques, or can explore the truth!
This place seems to have a thousand years of green spider traces, heard that it is extremely difficult to capture, if you do not know poisonous art, or do not easily explore...
This place seems to have a thousand years of green spider traces, I heard that it is extremely difficult to catch, if you know the poisonous art, you may be able to gain...
This place seems to have a thousand years of green spider traces, I heard that it is extremely difficult to capture, if you do not know how to poison, we are here to explore the ghosts to find victory, it is also interesting!
This place seems to have a thousand years of green spider traces, heard that it is extremely difficult to capture, if you know the poisonous art, when you can easily put it in the bag!
Search Human face mandala




This side seems to have a human face mandala growing, I will take you to a good, to get a human face mandala just have the strength can not be, but also know some poisonous skills...


This place seems to have human face mandala flower seeds, heard that it is extremely difficult to grow, if you have practiced poisonous techniques, or can try some!
This place seems to have a human face mandala flower species, heard that it is extremely difficult to grow, if you do not pass the poisonous art, or do not easily explore...
This place seems to have a human face mandala flower seeds, heard that it is extremely difficult to grow, if you know the poisonous art, or can be harvested...
This place seems to have a human face mandala flower seeds, heard that it is extremely difficult to grow, if you do not know how to poison, we are here to explore the ghosts to find victory, it is also interesting!
This place seems to have human face mandala flower species, heard that it is extremely difficult to grow, if you know the poisonous art, when you can easily put it in the bag!
lit. strange books and strange encounters







{0} has reappeared here. I heard that under its influence, the martial arts may be restricted. You and I are brave and courageous, so why not give it a try!
{0} has reappeared here. I heard that your martial arts may be restricted due to its influence. You should not take any risks...
{0} has reappeared here. I heard that your martial arts may be restricted due to its influence. If it wasn't for that, you would've had a sure win...
{0} has reappeared here. I heard that your martial arts may be restricted due to its influence, so we should go and play tricks on others for fun...
{0} has reappeared here. I heard that your martial arts may be restricted due to its influence. No matter what, we must not let the treasure fall into the hands of others...
dramatis personae












Outlaw 












Righteous












Demonic Servant












Animal




I've seen these beasts before when I went into the mountains to cut wood, don't mess with them...
The mountains and fields are full of ferocious birds and beasts, so you have to be more careful not to hurt yourself...
In the mountains and fields, there are many fierce beasts that hurt people, you may as well go out and subdue them, but also for the people to get rid of the harm...
In the mountains and fields, there are many fierce beasts that hurt people, do not try to be strong, may wish to go around the road...
There are many fierce animals in the mountains and fields that hurt people, just in case, we must also be careful to deal with...
There are many rare birds and animals in the mountains and fields, if you are lucky enough to meet them, you should enjoy them...
There are many rare birds and beasts in the mountains and fields, if you can catch them, but they are worth a lot of money...
Missing mounts







Is that your lost horse in front of you? This beast is untamable and must be kept under strict control...
Is that your lost horse in front of you? Beasts are also living creatures, if they are touched with kindness, they will surely obey...
Is that your lost horse in front of you? Taming the beast should be a matter of grace and strength, not haste...
Is that your lost horse in front of you? How can you escape from the reins, this kind of courage is admirable...
Is that your lost horse in front of you? This beast is wild and untamable, it should be taught a good lesson...
Merchants


When my ancestors were prosperous, what kind of treasures have I never seen? These merchants and traders can't catch my eye...




There is a line of merchants passing by just ahead of us, just what we need to replenish...
There is a group of merchants passing by, I wonder if there are any good things for sale...
There is a group of businessmen passing by in front of us, maybe we can exchange ideas...
There's a line of travelers passing by up ahead, so you might as well relieve the boredom of the journey...
There is a group of merchants passing by in front of you, so you might as well pick up some objects...
kindred





You see, that man in front of you, he seems to be your relative too?
Look ahead, it's like I'm seeing your family...
That man up ahead looks like a member of your family, perhaps we should go and meet him...
I just saw your family, so friendly...
I saw a man in front of me, and I vaguely remembered that he looked like he was related to you.
Can't you see that your relatives are right in front of you?
If I am not mistaken, that person in front of me should be your family member...
friend





I see your friend is here. Would you like to meet him?
I suddenly saw someone I knew at first glance, as if I were also friends with you...
I see someone who looks familiar, could it be your buddy...
I just saw a good friend of yours, maybe we can support each other...
I saw someone who looked familiar. I wonder if he's a good friend of yours...
That guy in front of me looks familiar. Is he one of your friends?
I see that your buddy is also nearby, or of some use...
Enemy





I just saw someone you've always had a grudge against. Should I get out of your way?
I seem to have seen someone you don't get along with, so I can't help but be a little wary...
If someone in the neighborhood has a grudge against you, I'm not afraid to meet it with you...
There seems to be someone nearby who has a grudge against you, so it's best to avoid further conflict...
I see someone in the neighborhood who has a grudge against you. What should I do?
Your enemy's up ahead. You want to take advantage of it?
That man in front of you has a grudge against you, I can join you to meet this man...
secret agent












recipient of secret information












XSEnthralled Person







This place can be seen in the phase pivot into the evil people, you and be careful...
This place can be seen in the phase pivot into the evil people, as if the pain is extreme...
This place can be seen in the phase pivot into the evil people, the masses of people, all suffer from the phase pivot...
This place can see the phase center into the evil people, I do not want to be like this people...
This place can be seen in the phase pivot into the evil people, you and I have a lot of things to do, have no time to pay attention to...
lit. the person who lives and works in the center of the devil (idiom); fig. obsessed with each other







This place can be seen in the phase pivot into the devil, if you do not take action, I am afraid that the consequences will be endless...
This place can be seen in the phase pivot into the devil, I do not know whether it is possible to save some...
This place can be seen in the phase pivot into the demonic people, the surrounding people are deeply troubled...
This place can be seen in the phase pivot into the devil's people, crazy, do not know why...
If you can see someone here who has become a demon, do you want to take action and kill him afterwards?
lit. odd-book obsessive (idiom); fig. obsessive-compulsive person







Some people in this place are obsessed by strange books, and their minds are not strong enough to be the Lord of strange books...
There are people in this area who are obsessed with strange books, but I wonder if they can be advised...
Someone in this area is obsessed with strange books and has an unusual mind...
Some people in this place are obsessed by the strange book, why not take the opportunity to take it out...
There are people in this land who are obsessed with a strange book, and that strange book should be yours and mine...
lit. strange book fallen from the devil (idiom); fig. a miracle cure for all evil deeds







Some people in this place have fallen to demons because of strange books, you and I should be the ones to get rid of the demons.......
Someone in this area has fallen into a demonic state because of a strange book, are you willing to help free them...
Some people in this place have fallen into the devil because of the strange book, and whether it is a blessing or a curse to seize the book...
There are people in this place who have fallen into evil because of the strange book, why don't you come closer to check it out...
Some people in this area have fallen under the spell of a strange book, I wonder if it's profitable...
a nonhomophobic grave





I see a grave nearby, I don't know if it's your old friend or mine...
I see a barren hill and a green mound near me, I wonder who sleeps here...
Not far away there are traces of burial mounds, or you can pay a visit or two...
I see what appears to be a green mound close by and worry that no one will pay homage...
I watch the graves in front of me and feel the silence of the former dust, but a blank of yellow earth...
There's a grave nearby, if there's any treasure buried, why don't you take it?...
Here are the graves of the departed, which to me are but nameless...
Sect Leader







{0} {1} seems to be stationed nearby, so we could go and discuss important matters with them...
{0} {1} seems to be stationed nearby, there's no harm in paying respect to them...
{0} {1} seems to be stationed nearby, i wonder if they have something important to do...
{0} {1} seems to be stationed nearby, could it be that they're leisurely roaming around...
{0} {1} seems to be stationed nearby, so we might as well plot something for them...
Cricket

Hush... you listen to this bug song, there must be a big guy hiding nearby!





While catching weaving is fun, you should not waste your time by having fun...
Bug hunting is all about timing, the only way to catch a good bug is to dive in and wait...
The catching of worms is only a matter of doing one's best, the result will be determined, and can not be forced...
Although there are many different kinds of weaving in the world, I think only the 'stupid thing' is simple and lovely...
All the weavers in the world should be in my net, don't let me down...
Dispatch







When dispatching villagers, it is necessary to carefully examine the strength of the land in order to make the best use of them...
Villagers who have been working outside for a long time are inevitably tired and should return to their villages to recuperate...
If the villagers are allowed to mine in one place, I am afraid that it will go against the reason of nature...
Luckily I'm not dispatched, otherwise I don't know how tedious it would be to be stuck here day and night...
When villagers are left unattended, they are prone to slacking off, so keep a close eye on them!
lit. searching for objects in a dream come back





There seems to be a familiar scent... Have you ever dropped anything here?
I don't know who left it behind, it should be returned to the original owner as soon as possible...
I wonder who lost it here? The owner must be very worried...
I don't know who left it behind, but it would be a shame if no one claimed it back...
This lost object is odd. Is it possible that it's a bait for someone to take the bait?
If it's unclaimed, you might as well keep it for yourself...
Jingji







Gyeonggi was originally in the middle of the world, and although the imperial power is no longer in place, it still does not lose the meteorology of the old capital...
Bashu







The mountains of Sichuan are steep and the roads are tortuous, and since ancient times, the road to Shu has been known as the difficult road to Shu...
Guangnan







Guangnan mountains and rivers are beautiful, and among the peaks, there are many secluded and beautiful places...
Jingbei







Jingbei is located in a strategic location, a thoroughfare in all directions, and all the world's celebrities and scholars converge here...
Shanxi







Shanxi folk style is strong and simple, ancient righteousness and chivalry, mostly out of this place...
Guangdong







Guangdong has many ports, often with maritime commerce, rich in goods and people, a pattern of its own...
Shandong







Shandong is the place where immortal guests and hermits return to, and moreover, I heard that there are immortal mountains overseas...
Jngnan







Jingnan Lake Ze deep and wide, strange peaks, but also the legend of the goddess, attracting how many tarts linger...
Fujian







Fujian is located by the mountains and the sea, the water is clean and the springs are clean, and there are precious minerals everywhere, just like the casting furnace of heaven and earth...
LiaoDong







Liaodong is a land of bitter cold, everything stands between the snow and ice, so it is hardy and unshakable...
West







The Western Region is a thousand miles of desert, sandy and windy, without shelter, it is extremely difficult to survive here...
Yunnan







Yunnan four seasons like spring, flowers bloom undefeated, this place grass, trees, insects and animals, are all strange and precious...
Huainan







Huainan is the throat of Central China, has long suffered from war, everywhere visible remains of the city wall...
Jiangnan







Jiangnan has been known as a water town, since ancient times, the smoke and willow prosperity, for the talent and beauty of the good...
Jiangbei







The north of the river is the place where the southern ships and the northern horses meet, so the pavilions are everywhere and the merchant boats gather...
devastated area





This place is very scary, you must be careful, do not put yourself in danger...
Even if you're good at what you do, this is no place to stay...
This place is full of evil, it is better to leave as soon as possible, so as not to be contaminated with evil spirits...
This place is so vicious, it's like hell on earth...
This is not a place to have fun with all the ghosts and ghouls of the basalt...
There is no point in staying here, so why don't you leave quickly!
