Cheese Wine
After the Wei, Jin and North and South Dynasties, the food culture of the Hu people flowed into ordinary people's homes, and one of the Hu drinks was the Guanwai cheese wine, which was made from horse milk and had a light and lubricious taste, which was very different from the Chinese wine.
Baofeng Wine
"I wish I could get drunk for a thousand days and ease my worries for a hundred years. Baofeng beans and wheat fill the field, and the ground gushes with sweet springs, so the wine made tastes sweet and soft, and has a long aftertaste, so the people of the time use the name of the place for wine, which shows its reputation.
Bamboo Leaf Wine
Bamboo leaves are added into this wine to make yellow wine. The quality of the wine is icy and translucent, and the fragrance is lingering in the mouth. Drinking it will make you forget your sorrows and relieve your sorrows. It reaches the princes and generals, and the common people. Bamboo leaf green wine is highly praised by all.
Shaoxing Wine
"The best famous daughter wine, it is said that the rich family adopted a daughter, the first month, open brewing several altars, until the girl went out, that is, this wine to accompany the marriage. Its altar is often painted in color, named Hua Diao". Huadiao wine is soft, fragrant wine, just like the daughter's mood.
Xinfeng Wine
"The fragrance of the wine is full of flowers in the north, and the color of the bottle is full of bamboo in the south." It is said that Yang Guifei drank this wine and got drunk in the Pavilion of Hundred Flowers, and the story of "Drunkenness of Guifei" has been passed down for hundreds of years.
Qu'a Wine
Dantu has high Li mountain, legend has it that in the past, there is a high Li country women to this, the gods of the East China Sea to the wine by boat, want to be hired as a wife, the woman refused, the gods of the sea paddle boat over the wine, into the Qu'a lake, so Qu'a wine beauty.
Jiannan Shaochun
During the Tang Dynasty, when times were good and everyone was enjoying drinking, Jiannan Shaochun became famous in both the government and the public because of its unique taste, and later became a royal tribute wine. Therefore, some people say: In the Tang Dynasty, Jiannan Shaochun was the most popular drink in the palace.
Maotai White Wine
Moutai white wine taste elegant and delicate, sweet and soft in the mouth, empty glass to retain fragrance for a long time, take the natural gas, take the spirit of the underground, to get people clean, cellar old, slow fire before brewing, can be said: wine cover a thousand families.
Monkey Wine
According to legend, the Yellow Emperor period, a hunter hunting in the mountains, lost in the ape's residence, smell the smell of the nose, find a jar of ape brewed drinks, taste, taste very beautiful, after the hunter returned home, a long time can not forget, they learned the ape method of brewing, this is the source of brewing.
Sorghum Wine
Sorghum wine its color is bright and luminous, its fragrance fragrant, its taste spicy burning throat, is the wine in the wine to be known as the bold wine products, if in the jianghu, find a confidant, this wine spell drunk, can be considered a great blessing on earth.
Xifeng Wine
Xifeng wine is clear and colorless, its taste is clear but not light, rich but not bright, and its tail is clean and long. It is loved by those who like strong liquor. Su Shi praised Xifeng wine with the words "The flowers are blooming and the wine is beautiful, so you won't get drunk. Come and see the cold green mountains of Nanshan."
Dongpo Honey Wine
It is said that after Su Shi was demoted, he lived in poverty and rarely drank. His friend Yang Shichang did not avoid suspicion and gave Su Shi the secret method of wine making. After Su Shi brewed the honey wine, he wrote the sentence "Within three days the vat was opened and the fragrance filled the city", describing the taste of the wine and the friendship.
Western Grape Wine
During the Tang Dynasty, all the countries came to the dynasty, the Hu people lived in Chang'an, run wine shops, wine shops in the grape wine, its taste is mellow and rich, sweet and fragrant in the mouth, no wonder the young Wuling gold city east, laughing into the Hu Ji wine shop.
Yaozi Xuequ
Because of its good color, aroma and taste, Yaozi Xuequ was favored by literati, so it was given the elegant name of "Yaozi Xuequ". Its taste is clear but not turbid, sweet but not bitter, pungent but not stinging, making it a holy product among wines.
Hundred Herbs Jade Dew Wine
It is said that the wine made by Lin Hejing during the Song Dynasty was made from the herbs and jade dew from the solitary mountain, and its taste is light and soft, with the fragrant soul of grass and wood, which can be called the gentleman of wine.
Fenqing Apricot Blossom
The apricot blossoms in Fenqing are just like the fair ladies in ancient times who came to betrothal, sat in front of the window, lightly combed their makeup, and a startled glance was enough to sway the mind. Therefore, it is pure and true, and people at the time called it: the ancestor of famous wines.
LanLing Fine Wine
"Lanling wine is lush and fragrant, with amber light in a jade bowl". Lanling wine is not only beautiful in color and taste, but also has the effect of using wine as medicine, which can be regarded as a rare and good wine.
DuKang Wine
"When you are generous, your worries are unforgettable. How to relieve sorrow? Only Dukang". Dukang makes a famous wine, the taste of which is uninterrupted and its fragrance is far into the blue sky, the world is overwhelmed by it and called "immortal wine".
PuEr Tea
Pu-erh tea soup color red thick bright, unique aroma sunken, taste mellow and sweet, more effective, drink it can be light body, far from disease is very far.
LuYuanMaoJian Tea
Luyuan Mao Jian was created by a tea farmer in Hubei during the Song Dynasty, its fragrance is rich and long, the soup color is yellow and bright, the entrance is unique flavor, is a tea in the best.
WuYiYanCha Tea
From the rocky peaks and born, dyed vermilion color, with the taste of rock bones and flowers, the name of its Wuyi rock tea, raw odd, color odd, taste odd, the three odd and the name of the champion tea.
JunShanYinZhen Tea
Junshan silver needle placed in the cup, brewed with boiling water, the tea leaves will swim up and down, clusters stand at the bottom of the cup, the military view that: swords and guns, the literati praise that: spring shoots, the artists say: golden chrysanthemum rage.
QiMen Red Tea
Qimen black tea stored three spring fragrance in it, hide a hundred fragrance fragrance in it, smell it as see jade Ying, drink the timeless and long, the people of the time hailed: the most of the group of fragrance.
JinGuaGongCha Tea
Jingua tribute tea moist like three autumn white moon, fragrant in nine fields of orchids, its taste through the years, it is the taste of tasteless, up to the great realm of Zen tea culture, the so-called: "tea Zen a taste".
GuZhuZiSun Tea
Gu Zhu purple bamboo shoots shaped like a delicate orchid, clear color, incense pregnant Lan Hui, taste sweet and mellow, Gu said its: "green and fragrant, smell the intoxicating, sip the heart", worthy of the name "tea in the first".
DaHongPao Tea
Big red robe body negative orchid, long and clear, heart hidden rock rhyme, mellow and sweet, drink forget me, can be called the first rock tea, and the tea in the first prize called.
MengDingHuangYa Tea
Legend has it that the seven tea in Mount Monastery, which is planted by the hand of Gan Lu Hui Zen master, not withered and not long for a thousand years. Its tea, thin and long leaves, taste sweet and clear, yellow and blue, discretionary cup of fragrant clouds covered it, condensation does not disperse, to its different, said that the immortal tea.
ZhuYeQing Tea
This tea is nurtured under Emei Mountain, bearing the essence of the sun and the moon, drawing the aura of the mountain and wood, and containing the wisdom of Buddha and Zen, which is a good drink. It is so refreshing to drink with the mountain breeze, with the pine as your friend.
DuYunMaoJian Tea
Duyun Mao Jian is clad in brocade hairs, lush green color, soup color three green through yellow, taste fresh and sweet, drink it can clear the heart and eyes, is a rare tea in a good product.
LiuAnGuaPian Tea
Lu'an Gua slices in tea products unique, no buds without stems, made of a single leaf, so the tea is strong but not bitter, fragrant but not astringent, the best of the tea.
XinYangMaoJian Tea
Xinyang Mao Jian is a precious tea, to the famous, long in the high mountains and clouds, because of its shape such as needles, so called Mao Jian, Su Shi had said this tea: "Huainan tea, Xinyang first".
LuShanYunWu Tea
Mount Lushan Yunwu tea into the boiling water, the clouds steamed, just like Mount Lushan rain smoke thick and thick beauty, Mount Lushan majestic, strange, dangerous, show, Mount Lushan Yunwu tea of alcohol, show, Xin, clear, two to get one, it is not a negative experience.
BiLuoChun Tea
Bi Luo Chun tight knotted ropes, white hairs hidden cui, silver green color, after brewing clouds rolled, fragrant, just like its common name "scared to death incense", fresh and refreshing in the mouth, long aftertaste, this to the shape, color, fragrance, taste four for the times called the four best also.
XiHuLongJing Tea
West Lake Longjing tea was born in Jiangnan, washed with a thousand years of Wu Yue rain and smoke, only to have a show leaves, see its color alone, it has been overwhelmed, no wonder Su Shi wrote for its "white clouds under the peak of the two flags new, greasy green long fresh valley spring" the good line.
FangShanLuYa Tea
Fang Mountain dew buds of the thing, the Min Yue of the show, the bell mountains and rivers of the spirit of the endowment, drink to dispel the ban to clean stagnation, to clear the guide and, in its state of mind above the highest to the best, the interest is also endless.
MengDingGanLu Tea
Shu people Wu Li true "with the spirit of the seeds of tea, planted in the five peaks, said Mengding", tea in the holy product when pushing Mengding, Mengding tea to Mengding Ganryu for the most, its fragrance high and cool, taste mellow and sweet, worthy of the name of the first tea on earth.
