Bare Hands
Unarmed, fist as big as casserole. 
Branch
Long branches available anywhere. 
Stone
Stones available anywhere. 
Black Jade Cream
Black jade cream as big as salt sand, the color of the same black jade, is separated from the herbs of the poisonous juice condensed, people who touch, swallow this thing, will lose appetite, day by day thinning.
Cold Moon Frost
The cold moon cream is like frost and snow, slightly cold and can invade the body through the skin, so it is often contained in a container made of ceramic or jade to avoid toxicity from escaping.
Emerald Cream
If it penetrates into the body, it can make people dizzy; if it touches the wounds, it can make them swell and turn into pus.
Spiritual Fantasy Cream
Spiritual illusion cream like glass, is a variety of hallucinogenic medicinal herbs extracted from its sweet breath, can make the person disoriented, and even like into a dream, dazed ravings.
Flying Dew Cream
Flying dew cream in the dark appears green, daylight is almost snow white, its quality is light, fast shadow like lightning, can be turned into dew drops with the wind, so that the toucher's body paralyzed, can not move.
Pelan Cream
The poem reads: "To take the Jiangli and the Pei Zhi, to string the autumn orchid for the peel". The fragrance of pelargonium is more than that of orchid and dahurica, which is so poisonous that people are unconsciously attracted by the fragrance and eventually bleed from the seven orifices and lose all their senses.
Broken Vein Cream
The pulse-breaking cream is colorless and massless, once it sees the light, it can turn into a golden poisonous fog, injuring the tendons and breaking the veins, causing the whole body to convulse, exhaustion and heart failure, so it is often packed in an iron vial to avoid accidental injury.
Yulong Frost
Dragon cream is like alcoholic wine, also like tea, the shadow of a dragon can be seen moving in the middle, hence the name. Its poison can be invaded by the ears and eyes, so that the body suffer from heart-breaking, burning body.
Black Blood Cream
Xuan blood cream quality like blood drops, cold than ice, once encountered with heat, it will turn into an untraceable mist, quickly invade the body, so that the flesh and bones collapse, the essence does not exist, and eventually turned into a puddle of black water hidden through the red light.
Groundbreaking sand
It has a fishy smell and enters the stomach meridian, which can make the middle person feel stuffy and vomit, and is named because the spleen and stomach belong to the earth.
Silver Ice Sand
Silver ice sand transparent like ice, color like silver, can be invaded from the skin, mouth and nose, etc., so that the affected person bad cold bursts, hands and feet weakness.
Jasmine Sand
The blue blood sand is green in color, light as nothing, and can invade the body with the wind. The person who is hit only feels tightness in the chest at first, and soon will be white, spitting green blood, which is very strange.
Ghost Sand
The ghost sand extracts the essence of dozens of poisonous insects, its color is dark like ghost fire, the Yin is extremely heavy, it is said to attract ghosts, spirits and demons to attach to the human body, so that the person is delirious, such as crazy.
Hundred Poison Sand
Hundred poison sand is not easy to manufacture, is the extraction of toxins, refined from a hundred poisonous plants often only one drop; its nature is extremely strong, once into the body, it can make people suffer from ants devouring the heart, itchy pain.
Bright Xia Sand
Mingxia sand poisoning is intense, the onset is very fast, often before the person is aware of, it is already dead and soul; its color changes from time to time, such as peach, vermilion, a thousand changes, heart-breaking.
Zi Luo sand
The purple sand can disrupt the qi and blood, break the camp guard, once the poison enters the body, the toxin will pass through the various places will appear blue and purple veins, if this complex throughout the body, then the great golden immortal can not be saved, hence the name.
Jade Absolute Sand
Jade sand is translucent and amber in color, which can cause the victim to die of torture, and its condition is unbearable, far better than the poison of the machine, so there is a poem: "amber clear and white jade light, the machine wolf grass in vain broken intestines".
Blood Devouring Sand
Blood Devouring Sand is made of the world's most poisonous condensation, its spiritual light flows, shaped like blood-colored silk. Once this sand touches the person, it will disappear until the blood of the victim's whole body is consumed, then it can be condensed again.
Iron Harrier
Iron Harrier is an organ bird made of gold and iron, which is inexpensive and simple in structure, and can be assembled for beginners to practice.
Magnetic Harrier
The Magnetic Harrier is not easy to lose, and can shorten the assembly time, but if used by those who are not familiar with the technique, it will be half the effort.
Kwangji Harrier
As the poem goes, "The sun and the moon are white in the sky. The wings of the Harrier are equipped with a mechanism that shoots a dazzling light when flying, causing people to avoid it and fall behind.
Hundred Refinements Harrier
Hundred Refinements Harrier is made of fine iron, hard texture, slightly heavy, when thrown can break stones and bones, more from five feet in the air fall without any damage.
Sky Arrow Harrier
The Sky Arrow Harrier has a smooth shape, sharp wings and beaks, and can hover in the sky three feet high, and when the user moves the organ, it will use the momentum to rush down and destroy the enemy.
Kunpeng Harrier
Kunpeng Harrier is an imitation of the kite made by Gongluo Ban "three days no less", the wing bones like a bow, harrier wings like clouds, can fly long without falling, several days non-stop.
Seeking Harrier
If the user pushes the bracket, the harrier will be able to find the enemy on its own, and the enemy within a few feet will be attacked if they make a slight movement.
Bewitching Harrier
Bewitching Harrier body with five colors, the spirit of light flow, seemingly real and illusory, when breaking through the air can be issued a harsh whistle, soul, often can make people in a trance, body was seriously injured.
Thousand Machine Harrier
The harrier has a heavy texture and sharp edges, and it has the courage to break through the bamboo, and can quickly change into various forms, making people dazzled and defenceless.
Wooden Harrier
Wooden Harrier is made of bamboo and wood, the fragrance is hidden, the smell can be intimate, its shape is small, but can be deformed to form a variety of large organs.
Peaceful Harrier
The Peaceful Harrier has a beautiful form, small and cute, walking, pecking, winging like a real bird, and can be used as a weapon, but also play with children.
Spurious Harrier
The Spurious Harrier is exquisitely carved and tightly structured, with a gaze and dashing posture; it can be described as lifelike, and is often mistaken for a living creature.
Concentrated Harrier
Concentrated Harrier is based on only one tenon, which is easy to assemble and not easy to damage, but because of the precise structure, it is difficult to manufacture and use by people who are not skillful.
King Zhuang Harrier
The King Zhuang Harrier has a back like a mountain, wings like hanging clouds, resting like a rock, flying into the clouds, like the King of Zhuang, "not to sound, but to sound astonishing", hence the name.
Indestructible Harrier
Indestructible Harrier above the hidden rainbow light flow, beautiful, its quality is comparable to gold and stone, can unload the force with a special structure, by a thousand pounds without breaking, through the cold and the wind and frost and not destroyed.
Wind-seeker Harrier
The Wind-seeker Harrier structure is rigorous, is a combination of dozens of parts, when flying up with the wind automatically, the movement fluttered, like an immortal Fengxu Royal wind, do not know where to stop.
Phoenix Harrier
The Phoenix Harrier is surrounded by treasure light, steaming air, moving and fluttering, free and easy, its voice is like a phoenix, can make the birds forget to die and hurt the enemy together, so it got its name.
Spiritual Harrier
Spiritual Harrier is made of spiritual wood, not afraid of fire and water, such as spiritual wisdom. It is said that in ancient times there was a craftsman who loved the harrier, so that the harrier also had love, in the war and displacement of its owner and failed, turned into ashes and died, so there is a song said: "Harrier harrier harrier caution not to fly, fly to the underworld is difficult to return".
Book of Rong Yi
"Rong Yi Shu is also similar to insects". The Rong Yi book is made of jade, and the edict is engraved on it. Its characters are shaped like bird seal insects, and cannot be used by those who are not under the talisman.
Qing Yun Book
Qing Yun Shu Tong imitates the potential of the clouds and the stars, and draws the shape of spiritual changes, which can help to extend the life of the world and attract the soul, which is exactly: "the golden rule, the cloud seal Yao Zhang".
Three Yuan Baoxi
As the saying goes: "Heaven and earth, all the changes are nurtured by the three elements and guided by the nine qi, and nothing can be born". According to legend, the three elements of the treasure talisman is formed by the three wonderful qi, the five elements of salty, all the wonders are complete, has the ability to summon the gods to impeach the ghosts, to suppress evil and help the righteous.
Long Shu Feng Wen
Dragon book phoenix text flow of spiritual light, mysterious very, it is said to be the immortal teachings, can make the evil dissipate, the Tao air always exist, so said: "red book jade word, eight Wei dragon text; to protect the system robbery, so that the sky will always exist".
Wuyue True Form
The five true forms of the mountain and the water with the brush like the shape of the high and low, the length of the scroll, the five mountains in a word, can get the five blessings, so that the recipient of the talisman God peace life extension, the survival of the body for a long time, where there is a plot of evil, but also self-injury.
Purple Jade and Green Book
Purple jade for the simple, stone green for the text, decorated with seven treasures, flowing light, is said to be the nine heavens above the Palace of the great, the holder of this talisman can call the wind and rain, so that the four directions change color.
Eight Color Jade Book
According to legend, the eight-color jade book was originally granted by the Queen Mother to the Emperor Wu of Han Dynasty, on the book of the six armor, the recipient of the talisman holding the talisman, the mouth recite the incantation, can wield the evil but the devil, take a thousand essence, change the hidden, the spirit of the shape.
Jade Talisman and Golden Book
The Golden Book of Jade Talisman is a collection of ten thousand talismans in one talisman, with subtle diction, four mysterious total reflection, seven Qi mixed birth, and ten thousand changes, which is said to be "the treasure book of the false emperor, secretly hidden by the Jade Emperor", and can make those who can see it ascend to the supreme clearing, and those who leak it will be affected in seven lifetimes.
Xuan Yu Tian Shu
As the saying goes, "Talisman has no proper form, but is spiritual with air". The Xuan Yu Heavenly Book is the most divine of all talismans, as it can be formed by a bit of spiritual light.
White hemp charm
White hemp talisman material is easy to obtain, the book contains hemp paper, the pen with smoke ink, the talisman on the convergence of the essence of the Tao air, but can be evil to complement the true.
Four Clubs Charm
The four meeting talismans are painted on yellow paper with vermilion sand, "the four meetings above and below, all table metaphorical name", according to the time of the book, heavy on the talisman, so it can eliminate disasters and dispel diseases, bless peace.
greenword charm
It is said that the talisman can be used for surrendering spirits, avoiding disasters and driving away ghosts, hence the name.
Silver Jade Green Talisman
It is said that the Silver Jade and the Green Talisman are given by the Nine Heavenly Saints, engraved with the silver Jade, knotted with the flying green text, the spiritual sound rhymes together, the Jade Lang endowed with the true, the holder can have a clear view of the ten directions, the spirit of the micro.
Lingwen Ghost Book
"The ghost book, miscellaneous body is slightly obscure, not human to interpret". Spiritual text ghost book text Wei Huan rotten, if the existence if the death, the use of obscure pen, miscellaneous body obscure, although the magical powers, but very human can be interpreted.
Thunder Fire Wonder Book
Thunder fire strange book to lightning wood made of talisman paper, real fire refining into the talisman, can drive the thunder cloth electricity, to subdue the demons; its nature to the Yang to rigid, fluorescent light like fire, has the effect of removing evil and suppressing the demons, the divine shine Xuan Wei.
Vermilion-painted ink charm
The talisman is made by painting raw silk with vermilion sand and using tung ink as a brush to make a vermilion lacquer ink talisman. According to legend, vermilion sand is the main yang, ink is the main yin, people learn to live forever, follow the immortality, so the talisman is a secret of the Tao, not to be passed on.
Ming Guang Bao Talisman
The eight dragon and cloud seals on the talisman are made by the natural air of the flying mysteries, which are extraordinary and colorful.
Book of Emperor Wendi
Huang Wendi book without ancestors, infinite and infinite, with the movement of the hidden see, continuous and everlasting, is in the natural nothingness of the gas into words, the holder of the talisman intention to the pen, a gas into a mantra, the heart of the, no art can not be, so named.
NB·Iron
Cast in pig iron needle box, the box contains more than ten long needles, hard texture, slightly heavy.
NB·Scorpion tail
Scorpion tail needle unique shape, similar to the scorpion tail, is made of steel, although heavier than the long needle, but also stronger killing power.
NB·Breakblood
The long needles in the blood-breaking needle box are polished from fine steel, very sharp, and can often be shot into the meridians, causing the blood to dissipate and the body to see bruises.
NB·White tiger
As the saying goes: "Geng gold with a brake, the most robust", white tiger main western seven, nature of Geng gold. The white tiger brakes are sharp, and when they are shot, the sound is as solemn as a tiger's whistle, hence the name.
NB·Dragon tentacle
The gold needle in the box seems to be soft and solid, shaped like the beard of a dragon, there are long and short, dynamic and difficult to prevent, when issued often only see the flash of gold, and difficult to find the gold needle traces.
NB·Black iron
Black iron needle box heavy texture, like ink ingots, needle box and box of long needles are cast in black iron, its occasional star point light, shot without sound, but a breathtaking aura.
NB·Five evil
The five evils, false, real, micro, thief, positive also, the five elements are not in harmony, so the evil. This box is cast in fine gold, its needle can be correct five evil, can also be chaotic five elements of the Qi, living people destroy people, only in a thought.
NB·Jade sky
The golden needles in the box of the blue sky are blue and transparent, with quality and invisible, so that the viewer is like being in the blue sky; when stuck into the human body, it can be different colors according to the cause of the disease, which can be called the most precious treasure for doctors.
NB·Life and death
The poem says: "The upside-down thought of birth and death continues, and the upside-down thought of death extinguishes birth and death. The golden needles in the chaos of life and death are of different lengths and shapes, which can kill as well as save the dead, and have the power to disrupt life and death and reverse yin and yang, hence the name.
NB·Copper
Copper needle box contains dozens of copper needles of different lengths, can be used to pierce different parts, the needle material is easy to obtain, tough texture, so it is very common.
NB·Silver
Rotten silver needle box because of the brilliant, color like silver and named, the box in the long needle will be black when stained with arsenic and other poisons, both as a needle, can also be used to test the poison.
NB·Hibiscus
Hibiscus needle box surface Yang carved lotus flower pattern, clear and beautiful, exquisite, the box is equipped with the doctor commonly used sharp needles, beryllium needles and other needles, both to cure the disease, but also to defend against the enemy.
NB·Tricolor wind
This is a three-color gold stone fused into a silk, and then twisted, forged and made, its pattern is intertwined and complex, like a rope tangled with each other, so the name "three colors twisted.
NB·Golden gorgeous
Take gold in the elite, made of iron needles countless, each needle are as thin as hair, gold light shining, is the gold Ying Huashu. This needle glow bright, flying out extremely fast, the enemy is often fascinated by the golden light, too late to dodge.
NB·Messy death
The body of the needle is short, but its penetrating power is very strong, and it can pass through ten layers of skin armor without reducing its momentum. If this needle is shot into the body, it can cause the heart to lose its spirit, soul and form to disappear, so the name is "disorder".
NB·Inverse energy
As the saying goes: "The ultimate thing is reversed, the life of the day circulates". Reverse Yuan Box is named because it can reverse the direction of Yuan Qi running in the human body, and the person who gets the needle only feels energetic at first, but in a short time he feels the sea of blood overturning and the Yuan Qi decaying.
NB·Messy YinYang
Book cloud: "clear yang out of the upper orifice, cloudy yin out of the lower orifice". If the user attacks the top with the cloudy one and the bottom with the clear one, it will make the yin and yang reversed and attack each other.
NB·Golden string
This box is made of the finest gold, its needles are incomparably sharp and dexterous; behind the needles there is a thin silk traction, which can make the group of needles and move at will, so that people can not be defended. Because the user's fingertips move slightly when manipulating, like stroking the strings of a piano, so the name "Golden String Chaos".
NB·Agate
The whole body of the onyx needle box is polished with onyx, and the texture is interlaced, which is quite interesting, but if we talk about the ability to hurt people, it is slightly insufficient.
NB·Ruby jade
Red Lin needle box with red jade embellished box body, needle body, delicate and chic, the box contains several kinds of needle tools commonly used by doctors, very convenient.
NB·Messy light
"Sometimes in dreams the body turns into a crane, and countless grass on earth as fireflies". Chaotic glow box is made of beautiful jade, the light on it shines like a firefly, elusive, hence the name.
NB·Ghost flame
Ghost flame box color with ghost fire, flashing light, its needle nature is peculiar, into the body if you meet the evil, the person will be warm; if you meet the righteous, the person's whole body bad cold.
NB·Drain energy
"Yuan Shen, is the innate since a little spiritual light also". The regenerative box is built with strange jade, its needle can take the spirit, the light will be weak, the heavy is like a demented child.
NB·Seven stars
The jade needle in the box of seven stars shines like the seven stars of the Big Dipper, which moves according to the time; it is said that this needle can use the power of the star ruler to solve the misfortune and return to life and inject death, hence the name.
NB·Dispel evil
According to legend, there are nine spirits in the Kunlun Mountain, above the wheel of the guillotine, under the Palace of the Queen Mother's rule. Nine spirits on the box to ward off evil engraved with nine kinds of spiritual objects, luminous, can make the evil spirits to ward off easy.
NB·Moonshine
Night treasure box is made of jade essence, whenever it is opened, it can be bright, reflecting the night into the day, so that people are immersed in a golden glow, it is: "the light shines at night to touch the skull eye, the news contains spring withered wood flowers".
NB·Mr.Qi
Qibo is a good doctor of the ancient times and the teacher of the Yellow Emperor. It is said that the Qibo Box was created by Qibo himself, which contains nine kinds of jade needles that are suitable for diseases, each with its own length and size, if it exists or dies, if it gains or loses, and can observe the dispersion and recovery of qi and blood, so that people can get rid of diseases with needles.
NB·White dew
As the saying goes: "reed pale, white dew for frost". White dew needle box texture transparent, like the morning dew, into the hand slightly cool, like frost, both ornamental, can also hurt.
NB·Triangular jade
The jasper trigeminal needle is decorated with jasper and made of fine iron, with a total of three prongs, which can lightly pierce the floating channels and break the blood; heavy piercing can damage the meridians and cause disease and evil.
NB·Clear shadow
Clear shadow needle box texture clear, its needle texture warm, translucent and flawless, invisible and shadowless when used, hard to find traces, so called "clear shadow".
Glazed Front Treasure Box
The jade needle in the treasure box of the glazed front is complicated, the tip of the needle is like a glaze with magnificent colors and changing light, and it does not cause the slightest pain when it is stuck into the body, so it gets its name.
NB·Netlike blood
The blood lure is covered with blood-colored filaments, and blood is injected into the body when it is pierced. If it is pierced into the affected area, it can remove the turbidity and clear the silt; on the contrary, it will disrupt the qi and break the blood.
NB·Ice jade
Jade gnarled ice box engraved with gnarled dragon pattern, the texture is transparent, into the hand like ice. The sound of its needle breaking through the air is like a dragon's cry, once it enters the body, it will turn into cold air, and can not be found everywhere.
NB·Immune
Plague is an evil disease that occurs in all seasons and can cause people to die violently. The box is made of precious jade, which can disperse the evil poison and make the disease recede.
NB·Cyanlady
According to legend, the Green Lady is the god of frost and snow, living in the green sky. This box is made of jade, in which jade needles once shot, the surrounding will be as cold as the snow in June, as "the green woman cut ice, frost and snow all fall".
NB·Spirit set
As the saying goes: "All needles heal the body, but the divine needles heal the spirit". Shen Ding box combined with the Qi of heaven and earth, to see the blood, the spirit of the Qi of the reality, to detect the spirit, the will of the gains and losses, not only can save people in the dying, can also take life in an instant.
NB·Wood
Wooden needle box is made of elm wood, which needle although lightweight, easy to carry, but also easy to break.
NB·Chalk
Dahurica needle box texture unique, color like dahurica, box with a sandwich, herbs placed in it, the fragrance is far away, quite interesting.
NB·Centipede bee
The needles in the bee box are shaped like centipede needles, very short and small, and a box can often contain a hundred of them, and when they are shot, they are spread out like centipede bees in transit, with an amazing sound.
NB·Swing fire
The needle box is made of spiritual wood full of Yang energy, the needles often have scorched black marks, so that the needle is like being burned by a stream of fire, hence the name.
NB·Blood raven
Blood Crow box is only an inch long, in which the wooden needles in black and red, blood color to drip, when using often several needles out together, like a blood crow flying, cute and horrible.
NB·Soul
The unique spirit needle box means the unique spirit of heaven and earth, must be born on the feng shui precious land of the spirit of wood to be made, its needles in response to the Qi of heaven and earth and born, so it can probe the foci of disease on its own, very strange.
NB·Vermilion
The poem: "Zhu Hua reflecting Zhu Yan, radiant can how long". Zhu Hua treasure box red light flowing, bright and bright, out of the needle when there is like a rain of flowers, although the passage of time, day and night, this box can last for a long time and new.
NB·Madness
Delusion is also chaotic. Delusion box is peculiar in nature, the selection of materials is exquisite, in which the wooden needles such as spiritual intelligence, can drive the use of the needle for its injury, eccentric very, so the name "delusion".
NB·Candle heart
The black candle heart because of the black as a candle heart burned out and named, this needle hidden shimmer, seems soft but hard, indestructible, strange atmosphere overlapping, shooting often only see a flash of black, it has been into the body.
NB·Green bamboo
Green bamboo needle box is made of green bamboo, flexible texture, needle body can be bent, so often have the role of unexpected.
NB·Tri-finger
Three fingers box as wide as the adult three fingers, thick but the pencil, which is more slender long needle, a box can often be filled with dozens of pieces.
NB·White plum
The plum box is one color, plain and undecorated, with the end of the needle like a plum blossom, small and lovely, fresh and elegant, and can fly to dozens of steps away with a snap of the fingers.
NB·Mosquito
The mosquito gadfly box contains dozens of tiny, untraceable needles, which can be shot into the human body unknowingly, making people's qi and blood unstable and itchy.
NB·Jade eye
The blue eye box because the box of wooden needles in the end of the turquoise pattern, shaped like a human eye and named. This needle is quite spiritual, point-seeking is extremely accurate, so it is very popular among doctors.
NB·Darkness
The wooden needle in the box is as thin as a hair, if hidden, so it is called "ghost whiskers"; its color is dark, difficult to detect, so it is called "ghost hide"; this needle is silent when shot, only martial arts experts can detect its traces.
NB·Disintegration
Hundred solution box in the wooden needle thin and tough, can be clever to break the force, with no thickness into the interval, cut to the heart of the matter, the edge, so that the object in the needle to meet the solution, so named.
NB·Hypnotism
The poem cloud: "the bird to the forest passers-by rare, the former mountain smoke all night to the Chai", smoke all night, as if the twilight also. Smoke all night strange box in the wood needle like light smoke and mist, the texture is extremely light, seemingly without, thus the name.
NB·Divine Twist
The Nine Curves divine box is made of nine curves of wood, on which the spiritual light condenses and does not disperse, and is very intimidating; the wooden needles in it can be changed at will, flying with the heart, going around the nine curves and searching for enemies.
PD·Iron Fusiform
Iron shuttle about a foot long, two pointed, wide in the middle, is made of pig iron, the use of hand-held shuttle body, shuttle to and fro, to its sharp injury.
PD·Steelpointer
Forging iron with hot fire, and then quenched with cold water, such as this many times, to become "point steel". The steel is hard and can be put on the finger and rotated like flying.
PD·Emei
The water splitting ebony thorn shape is long and slender, like ebony, with a finger ring, not easy to slip off, it is said to be hidden underwater in the Jianghu people, chiseling boats, assassination used, so named.
PD·Pear flower
Pears on the thorn color light and elegant, the thorn body carved pear, waving when the light flowing, flower shadow floating, it is: "suddenly like a night spring breeze, thousands of trees pear blossom".
PD·Dragon-shape
The eight gossip dragon shape thorn shape like a wandering dragon, when using the step away from the eight directions, off the nine palaces, open and close intertwined, not that is not away, so it can change a million, as you wish.
PD·Drankstone
The Uppan stab is made of fine iron and is held in the left hand with a projection for blocking, because it is black in color and as solid as a rock, so it is called "Uppan".
PD·Divine Metal
The Twinless divine iron spikes are incomparably hard and are forged from a whole piece of divine iron. Therefore the iron is difficult to cast and needs to be forged by the craftsman himself, so each pair of twin thorns is slightly different in shape and weight.
PD·Fire Kirin
Kirin, antlers and dragon scales, foreign animals. Fire refining Qilin stab hot as the sky fire, texture such as the Qilin, red light splendid, the wind and clouds, can make the person is like a fire frying, suffering.
PD·Mara
As the saying goes, "Evil spirits help evil, and strong demons destroy righteousness". The Devil's Thorn is black, surrounded by evil energy, strong and invincible, and can hinder good deeds and cut off wisdom.
PD·Triangular
Three pronged thorns sharp at both ends, side open three prongs, no one can not be hurt, when used with the rotation to increase the power.
PD·Wind
The poem: "The snow is cold and breaks the fingers, the wind is strong and cracks the ice". The snow is white in texture, cold in the hand, whimpering when dancing, strong wind ice cold, so it got its name.
PD·Lonely star
Lone star thorns without rings on the thorns, the light flickers, when viewed from afar, there is a point like a lone star, dancing and like a meteor crossing, it is: "ashes of the fire lone star out, the remaining lamp inch flame bright".
PD·YinYang
Yin and Yang is a pair of thorns out of a furnace, but divided into black and white two-color pair of thorns. This thorn does not fear the waves, can be used in the water, and because the black and white symbolizes yin and yang, so called "yin and yang water splitting thorn".
PD·Amethyst
Purple gold dragon stab with purple in gold, hard and heavy, when the rotation has the potential to pierce the clouds and crack the stone, it is said that the dragon can be stabbed, if you are not careful, often bleeding more than five body injury, so the name.
PD·Sun Moon
The sun and moon shuttle has two shuttles of gold and silver, of which the gold is the sun, the silver is the moon, the glory is brilliant, the heart; whenever waving, only to see the sun and the moon, chasing each other, it is: "limited time over the gap, relentless sun and moon shuttle".
PD·Ruby Ivory
The red and red body of the white teeth stinger is coiled and curled like a red snake, which can be twisted and retracted according to the mind; the front tip is snow white, like a snake's tooth, which can break one's true qi and hurt one's vital essence, and is incomparably ruthless.
PD·Immortal slayer
The eight-sided immortal killing prick is divided into eight channels, heavy, solid and stable, ancient and simple, when dancing with great power, such as a mountain, the gods and ghosts angry, it is said to be able to kill immortals, so the name.
PD·Mystery Lady
The Xuan Nui is the head of all the truths, "the divine power of the gods, all the sweep away, blessing the living, purge the demons". It is said that the Xuan Nui shuttle was created by the Xuan Nui, which can contain the Qi of the Three Purities, send out the spirit of the innate, cut off the evil and bless all beings.
PD·Darkness
In ancient times, the poor mostly wore black clothes, so they were called "black clothes". The black clothes are cheap and easy to carry, and are often used by the poor to protect themselves, hence the name.
PD·Redblade
Red blade double shuttle shuttle body black, only the two sides of the blade of the jade for red, as if blood-stained. According to legend, the more this object drinks blood, the more red its color, so people are thought to be evil.
PD·Four directions
The four elephants, the four spirits of the sky, to correct the four directions. The four elephants shuttle is divided into four sides, each side is engraved with a spirit, not only can the sharp point to hurt the enemy, but also by the four spirits of God to strengthen the prestige.
PD·Shadow spiltter
Splitting shadow to stab with jade as the tip, dexterous and light, with iron as the body, swift and superb, stabbing out as if even the shadow can not catch up, so called "splitting shadow".
PD·Through the Sky
Through the air stab light texture, very fast, the user wielding this stab as if a shadow, the potential to ascend to the sky, it is: "Through the air radical far unstoppable, as if to the head of the Ishui".
PD·Golden Dragon
"the god of the yellow dragon, said regulus, the main rapid thunder and gale". Yellow dragon thorn shaped like a yellow dragon, carved beautifully, the flow of light, lifelike, waving common thunder and lightning around, flying sand and rocks, such as a divine dragon to help.
PD·Star Lady
Legend has it that the weaver holds a golden shuttle and uses the sky as a loom. When the shuttle is waved, it is like the golden shuttle of the Weaving Maiden, with the stars and rivers as the picture, which often makes people feel enchanted and admire.
PD·Universe
Huntian a pair of thorns spiritual light within, exquisite natural, although the double thorns, together, but a seamlessly integrated, without the slightest trace of carving, can be said: "the creation of heaven and earth, the divine plan to change the force, the opening has been natural, non-human can".
PD·Fairy above cloud
Poetry: "is not a young peach dust and mundane world, flying on the wind in the jade". Clouds on the fairy posture clear gas dense, subtlety, can make users fly light, like immortals, indistinct body posture, such as in the clouds, so named.
PD·Crystal light
Crystal light thorn texture clear and bright, such as picking the fire of the stars, visible day and night, it is: "crystal light from the sky, shining my face in the autumn color".
PD·Flying snow
Flying snow shuttle crystal translucent, fine texture, the shuttle on the white pattern dot, like ice and snow, really like "the sea door tide to flying snow Chung, Tianzhu rain over the remote green condensation".
PD·Jade Liposomes
The green and yellow agar sting is clear and bright, hidden through the green and yellow, light and agile when waving, glowing and warm, just like the jade gelatin made, hence the name.
Flawless to thorns
The flawless pair of sashimi is made of beautiful jade, and the body of the sashimi is all colorful and flawless, which is exactly: "The most precious pearl is not flawless, but all precious jade is flawless.
Antler White Branch
The white branch of antlers is tough and resembles antlers, which can be stabbed straight out and can also be forked to hook the enemy's weapon, which can be said to be beautiful in shape, both offensive and defensive.
PD·Ghost
As the saying goes: "There are no ghosts and gods in the Tao, the only thing that comes and goes alone. You alone thorn thorn body invisible, hard to distinguish, thorn out when the law of heaven and earth, moving with the response, silent and lonely, only the influence of the follow, so named.
PD·YuQing
Jade clear treasure shuttle pure and flawless, bright and free, cloudy, clear and beautiful, can eliminate evil, bathing snow spirit, so that the holder of the body and mind pure, not for disease, evil demons invaded.
PD·Frozen Heart
Lotus ice is made of extremely cold jade, such as lotus, clear and unstained, proud of snow and frost, dripping water into ice. Therefore, although this object is extremely beautiful, but no one dares to oppose its edge.
PD·Celestial Fairy
"The Heavenly Immortal is a person who has accomplished his work in the midst of the three yanas, and his signs are beyond the three yanas". It is said that the Heavenly Immortal Stinger is a weapon left behind by the Heavenly Immortals, which can make the bearer not be bound by the law, not be mud, transcend things and lift the form to ascend into the void.
PD·Wood
Wooden spikes are lightweight, light and effortless to wield, and although they are easily damaged, they are also suitable for beginners.
PD·White crane
The white crane pair is light in texture, and the sashimi is carved with white cranes, and when waving, it is as dashing and agile as a crane flying high, hence the name.
PD·Call fly
The flying spike is flexible and twisted, with unusual flexibility, and the user can attack with it freely, as if it comes from the sky on the wind, hence the name.
PD·Residue of Fragrance
Remnants of the incense shuttle shape like a shuttle, where there is a faint aroma, the wound caused by it will also have a clear fragrance residue, it is: "Luo Qi contains fragrant fragrance, pepper orchids with dew nourishment.
PD·Branching Lightning
The son and mother lightning stab is a long and a short pair of stabs, the son is short and the mother is long, protecting and relying on each other. Its quality is light, when wielding only see the lightning, can be in a short time to kill people.
PD·Messy flower
Chaotic flower thorns shaped like a flower branch, engraved with flower patterns, dancing at a very fast pace, the viewer as if to see the clouds break the moon, floating flowers, such as dew and electricity, both real and fantasy, by sighing with emotion, gloomy sigh.
PD·Light shadow
"The sky light and cloud shadow, a hundred hectares of glass between the eyes". The sky light cloud shadow stab its a blue transparent, like the sky light; another light moving, shaped like a cloud shadow; double stab when they come out together, as if the sky light and cloud shadow reflect each other, moving and floating, extremely difficult to dodge.
PD·Dragon slayer
Legend has it that "the dragon can be dark and bright, can be fine and huge, large is the rise of clouds and exhale fog, small is hidden between the hidden shape", only the Dragon Thorn can remove the fake and keep the real with the spirit of wood, breaking all the spells, so that it has no hiding, hence the name.
PD·Inferno distance
According to legend, the king of hell, can break the life and death of all beings. Nine inches Yan Lo is about nine inches long, sharp and difficult to be, whenever stabbed out, there will be ghost gas lingering, as if Yan Lo life, will want to see blood.
PD·Bamboo
Green bamboo thorns are flexible and sharp at the tip, often unexpected and unprepared, and are one of the common pairs of thorns.
PD·Snaketooth
Snake tooth curved stab blade open one end, shaped like a snake tooth, stab body like a snake, with the momentum and curved, really like a poisonous snake general concealment difficult to prevent, hence the name.
PD·Weaver
Weaving shuttle shaped like a flying shuttle, no decorations throughout the body, flexible and versatile when dancing, all like leading the weft and warp, there is a beautiful "Su to be gorgeous".
PD·Reversed pair
The upside-down pair of thorns has a unique shape, with two thorns, one forward and one backward, opening only at one end, and its usage is like an ordinary pair of thorns, but also quite sword-like, often surprising.
PD·Blurry
The body of the lost thorn bends and curves, fighting folded snake, seemingly straight stabbing out, but in fact, from the side of the attack, can be described as "looking ahead, suddenly in the back", flexible changes, difficult to defend.
PD·Bitter sad
The twin pikes of sorrow and bitterness are carved from the strange wood containing the grievance soul, which can make the victim experience the suffering of greed and anger, the sorrow of not being able to get anything, the sorrow of breaking the heart and the tears.
PD·Soul trap
Legend has it that the immortal "God clarity fixed spirit, snow top pang eyebrows", fixed spirit shuttle is made of the spirit of grass and wood, can make the holder clear eyes, movement of spiritual stability, as if the immortal general.
PD·Red cloud
The poem: "Smoke and haze gather and disperse to the deep valley, water and fire meet without dryness". Smoke and haze against the stab is half virtual, half real, moving and floating, can be like smoke and haze at will to gather and disperse, people can not be defended.
PD·RuRu
"All dharmas have the same body, so they are named as such. In Ru Ru, the body of the Dharma is the same as the Dharma, and the Dharma is the same as the Dharma, and the meaning of Ru Ru is not one, but all are like each other. Ru Ru contains wonderful dharma, and it is so natural that it can combine all dharmas in one dharma, and transform all dharmas into one dharma, hence the name.
HW·Flying knife
Flying dagger is made of gold and iron small knife, long but finger, easy to hide, can wrist strength spin fly, or arm strength to throw straight, to strive for a hit and hit.
HW·Iron spiked ball
Tribulus terrestris is named because of its dense spikes and resembles thistles, which can be used for travel, laying the ground as a barrier; it can also be used as a concealed weapon to kill and injure the enemy.
HW·Plum flower dart
Plum blossom dart shaped like a plum blossom, the dart is divided into five petals, sharp edges, is a common concealed weapons, although the appearance of beauty, but hurt people when no mercy.
HW·LeiGong drill
The drill is composed of a hammer and a drill. As soon as the hammer is struck, the drill will fly out, just like the legendary magic weapon used by Lui Gung, with an amazing sound; if the user has strong muscles and bones, it will be even more powerful.
HW·Bone-penetration nail
Through the bone meridian nail is cast in steel, its hard quality, the potential can break the bone, often can not live more than six hours, it can be said that "the son does not see the noon, noon does not see the son", hence the name.
HW·Thunder strike
Boom thunder as big as a walnut, flying fast, once it collides with it, it can instantly explode, people can not be defended; its sound shocked eight, like thunder, so named.
HW·Divine metal fork
God iron flying fork is a small fork made of foreign iron, only a few inches long, breaking the air with a sound; sound has not yet stopped, the weapon has arrived first; fork head sharp, can make people bleed more than one; even if not, the sound is also soul-shattering.
HW·Diamond ring
Vajra ring is a pair of undecorated, inside and outside the open edge of the ring, its quality is strong, such as the world's true law, can not be cut off; its potential to destroy mountains and break rocks, can fly around to take the enemy, remote throw to hurt people.
HW·Mystery iron lotus
The black iron lotus is shaped like a lotus flower, covered with prickly spines, with a hidden mechanism at the end and tied by a rope. The flower is heavy and indestructible, and the user can use its sharp points to wound the enemy, or activate the mechanism when the petals are embedded in the body, causing the black lotus to bloom and hit the enemy with its sharp edges.
HW·Coin dart
The copper dart is made of copper coins that are round on the outside and square on the inside, with an open edge for easy concealment, and although it can be carried in large quantities, it has limited lethality.
HW·Willow knife
Willow leaf flying knife thin as a willow leaf, slender shape, a slight deviation in force, will be off the purpose, but if you can several knives together, it can be dazzling, avoiding.
HW·Soul-chase nail
Soul chaser, soul also. Soul-seeking nails can be launched by the machine spring, can also be thrown with bare hands, the force can penetrate the bones, people said: "soul-seeking a what is fast, a life of a what is fast".
HW·Rope hammer
Green rope flying rope to lead the flying hammer, shaped like a green snake winding; rope can be wrapped around the hold, the hammer can hit the vitals, so this object is slightly heavy, but the power is remarkable.
HW·Thunderburst ball
Thunder fire beads are round steel beads filled with gunpowder, which can hurt people with qi, fire and broken iron, and are named because of the sound like thunderbolt and dazzling fire.
HW·YinYang hook
"cold and summer, the world is called yin and yang". Yin and Yang hook hooks are divided into two ends, each belonging to the yin and yang, Yin hooks made of cold iron, into the body will be cold invasion; Yang hooks made of blazing copper, into the body will be summer steam; both ends are in, then suffer from the alternating ice and fire.
HW·QianKun nail
Although small in size, but extremely heavy, flying out can be heard when the sound of wind and thunder, the user only by wrist force issued, it can be broken armor and bones, so that the person is like a tarzan crushed, so there is a "nail to set the world" called.
HW·Dragon spike
Dragon snake sting shaped like a dragon snake, usually winding stinging in the sleeve, the next person is difficult to detect; once the enemy, it can fly out, with the momentum of the deformation, swift as a snake, fierce as a dragon, often caught off guard, and therefore killed.
HW·GoldenCicada needle
The golden cicada divine needle can only be made from the cicada shell of fine gold, its quality is like cicada wings, but nothing is unbreakable, into the body can damage the meridians, cut off the vitality, and the gold needle itself is reincarnated, like a golden cicada out of its shell, the mysterious and wonderful.
HW·Flying stone
The Flying Locust Stone is named after its square shape and slender length like a locust. It is a hard stone with precise shooting, and is a common concealed weapon for beginners.
HW·Raven dart
The color of this dart is like a cold crow, can be thrown in a flurry of dozens, all like a flock of birds to the nest, so people look at it chills, so the name "cold crow dart".
HW·Eight Trigrams
Three treasures eight trigrams is carved from three colors of jade into the eight trigrams plate, the holder can know the times and seasons, understand the nine palaces, but also can throw this object to hurt the enemy.
HW·Cyan screw
If the holder strikes with dexterity, he can make it rotate and pierce into the enemy's body, causing the flesh and blood to open.
HW·Star full sky
Full of stars is carved from jade into tiny pieces, free shape, size, because after throwing and then scattered, the light flashes, as if the sky full of stars and named.
HW·Evil nail
The Nine Deadly Nails are as thin as date kernels, with a vague golden light, which are made of spiritual jade; they seem to be surrounded by layers of deadly energy, with bad chills all over the body; they are also like being in the netherworld, with a disordered will.
HW·Golden light
The golden light file is shaped like a file, the golden light flashes, once into the body, it can bruise the bones and cut flesh, where the light to, all the blood disorder, people suffer a lot, life is worse than death.
HW·Ghost dust
As the saying goes, "If the dust is stained, the Buddhas have no connection". Ghost dust is dark and shapeless, shaped like ice, once hit by external forces, it will turn into millions of jade dust, blocking the meridians, sticking to the internal organs, people suffer from disease and suffering, such as being haunted by ghosts.
HW·Crape star
"The Purple Star, also known as the Emperor's Star, resides in the North Star and is surrounded by all the stars. Violet star crystal translucent, such as with the light of the emperor's star echoes, its potential is supreme, can make people dazzled, straight to the ground, no longer resist the heart.
HW·Icy jade needle
Ice jade flying needle texture such as ice and does not melt, only an inch long, crystal beautiful, can be hidden in the hair, as decoration, but also when necessary as a concealed weapon issued.
HW·Jade olive
Jade olives are delicate and small, with slightly pointed ends, and can be placed in the hand to play with at times; they can also be hidden in the mouth or sleeve and shot out with dark energy to hurt the body or hit acupuncture points.
HW·Smiling arhat
Smiling Luohan looks like Luohan smiling, amiable, all like a jade pendant, but after the button is pulled, Luohan will turn into the angry phase, holding a sharp blade, awe-inspiring.
HW·JadeCicada needle
Jade cicada flying needles carved from jade, shaped like a cicada, delicate and lovely, but if you vibrate the body of the cicada, it can be shot from the cicada mouth, cicada tail two flying needles, and can throw the whole cicada to hurt the enemy, can be described as a variety of changes.
HW·Pentachrome
Five colors through the shadow of the texture is clear, Yexi like Hua, warm like Ying, when shot out of the rapid shadowless, only to see the brightness of the radiant, eye-catching, it is: "five colors and the chase, can not be exhausted shape".
HW·DuJuan cry blood
According to legend, the cuckoo was transformed into the Emperor Wang of Shu, and it cries for blood day and night. The cuckoo cries for blood is a sharp blade shaped like a cuckoo petal, often with a bloody color after wounding, which can be said: "Suspected to be blood in the mouth, dripping into the flower on the branch".
HW·Ghost-face Jade toad
Ghost-faced jade toad toad body and ghost head, the first carved ghost mouth, back with a poisonous capsule, hidden inside the bracket, can control the opening and closing of the two; ghost mouth open, then spit out sharp weapons; poisonous capsule open, then oozing venom; horrific appearance, the momentum is appalling.
HW·Acheron divine needle
The Xuan Hei Divine Needle is extremely cold, the light is clear, can make the flesh and bone are frozen into ice, but this needle into the body, no trace, as the winter god Xuan Hei used the treasure, so named.
HW·Blood-netlike of KunLun
According to legend, Kunlun is the dwelling place of the immortals, where beautiful jade is found. The Kunlun blood complex is made from the spiritual jade in Kunlun, the blood on the red flashing, into the flesh and roots, as if there is a spirit, if the person can not be released from the bondage in a timely manner, it will be the blood will disappear, painful.
HW·Arrow in sleeve
The sleeve arrow is a wooden arrow in a small tube, dial the bracket to send, because often bound in the arm, in the sleeve and named.
HW·Mallard hookclaw
Flying eider hook claw front end shaped like eider toe claws, the tail has a rope connected, both can climb to get things, but also can cause injuries, when thrown as smooth as a flying eider, so named.
HW·Swallow fly
"In the old days, the swallows in front of the Hall of King's Thanks flew into ordinary people's homes". The swallows are as thin as darts and shaped like milk swallows, although they have an elegant name, they are actually sharp blades.
HW·Falling flower
The flower is polished, dyed and stitched together, the flower is in a variety of postures, the fragrance floating, enough to disguise the real thing, but if you buckle the motive bracket, then the petals can fly out to hurt the enemy, like a broken flower fading, so called "flower fall".
HW·Messy ruby Cone
The red cone of chaos is blood red, is shaped like a small cone of flower petals, can be stored in a small tube, waiting for the opportunity to send, when the sky is overwhelming, as if chaotic red full of sky, often can be caught off guard.
HW·Bloody mandarin duck
Blood mandarin ducks are bright red like blood, resembling mandarin ducks, and need to be thrown flat when used; their beaks are hard and sharp, with hidden arrowheads in their mouths, and once they are shocked, they can shoot out their tongues and arrows, making people avoid them.
HW·Blood flying knife
Blood flying knife is sharpened with strange wood, can penetrate the body without staining the blood, hence the name. With this knife caused by the wound edge smooth, slightly with gold and purple gas, so can be different from other knives.
HW·Storm strike needle
This needle is hidden in the wooden box, button the bracket can be launched, the momentum is like a fierce storm, fast and unstoppable; needle shadow has a garden like pear blossom bloom, covering the sky, so the name "rain pear blossom needle".
HW·Skyline needle
Cang Hei is the sky. The Cang Hei miraculous needle use magic, great power, can be shot to the sky, so that the wooden needles on their own to seek the enemy, the enemy must always be careful of the air hanging needles fall, often distracted too late.
HW·Bamboo dart
The bamboo is split into long strips and made into a slingshot shape, so that once the enemy is encountered, the bamboo dart will be quickly ejected.
HW·Flying rope
Snake tongue flying rope end forked, like a snake letter, shaped like a rope, put away freely, unfolded like a soft whip, put away but half a palm size.
HW·Floc dart
It is named after the thin blade that looks like a willow wisp, which spreads out like a willow wisp when it is thrown, making it difficult to dodge.
HW·Swallow return
This object is carved into a swallow shape with bamboo and wood, and the tail, wings and beak of the swallow can hurt people.
HW·Dragon-trapped rope
The dragon trap rope is made of cork and vine weave, the end of the set on the ten fingers, the front end is decorated with a heavy object, a group of ten strands, can be thrown out at the opportunity to wrap around the enemy, as if the dragon trap rope.
HW·Silk flower needle
Dixie flying needles shaped like dixie flowers, the tip of the needle hidden organs, once hit the target, it can be unfolded on its barbs, so that people such as being a hundred trauma, bleeding more than one, although the beauty of autumn dixie wins snow, but only from a distance, not profane play.
HW·Sky rope
Tongtian rope structure is exquisite, coiled in the sleeve, unfolded after the shadow of the rope to cover the sun, people in it, only to feel that the rope has no beginning and no end, endless, long rope through the sky, difficult to escape, so the "Tongtian" name.
HW·Shooting shadow
It is a bundle of thin silk that is difficult for the human eye to detect. This object is often collected in the box, to launch the organ, into the body first chaotic true qi, then hurt the lungs and internal organs, and finally wear the spirit, if not timely treatment, it is difficult to return to heaven.
HW·Elysium
It is said that under the rule of the Buddha of Immeasurable Life, "all living beings have no suffering, but suffer all kinds of happiness", so it is called "bliss", and the place of bliss is 10 trillion Buddha's land away from this world. The needle is made of sacred wood, which can make the victim die without any worries, as if the heart is in the Pure Land and will never return.
Flute·Iron
The iron is cast in iron, the sound is as powerful as gold and stone, but the musicians only feel that the sound hurts the ears, unpleasant to listen to for a long time.
Bone folding xiao
Bone broken xiao sound calm, hard texture, is made of steel, its shape is a musical instrument, but its quality can break human bones.
Flute·Spike
Wolf tooth short xiao xiao body is short, the diameter of the pipe is thin, because the mouthpiece set with wolf teeth and so named. The sound of this xiao is sultry and can often move the thoughts of border travelers.
Flute·Dragon head
Dragon head xiao tone bright, penetrating, blowing like a dragon sound, often resounding through a room, the aftermath of a long time, xiao head engraved with a dragon head, more full of momentum.
Flute·Anxiety
The sound is short and heavy, which can make the hearer's mind anxious and in a trance, like urging the soul to hurry up, so it is named.
Flute·Lightning
Lightning carefully selected materials, fine workmanship, clear and transparent sound, bass like thunder roar, high tone like the phoenix whistling, is a rare xiao in the good.
Flute·Cachalot
"The whale is also a sea fish. The large ones are a thousand miles long, while the small ones are tens of feet long". The long whale swallowing the sea has a thick tone and swallows the river, so the long whale swallowing the sea is used as a metaphor. The sound of the whale is so high-pitched and overwhelming that it is difficult for those who do not have profound power to master it.
Flute·Cloud
The dry clouds are black in texture and can last for thousands of years. The bass played by it is like a mountain crushing the top; the treble played by it is like a drum and horn; no matter what tune is played, it can move the heart and ears, just like a divine object.
Flute·Mysterious Iron
Xuan iron xiao dark color, look from afar a dark piece, xiao low echo as if drums moving the ground, people tremble and fear, high as if huge waves, people shocked, get to hear this sound, the light is more than a month still hear the echo, heavy on the spot heart away from God.
Flute·Dumb
Dumb xiao is heavy, the sound is also more low than ordinary flute, beginners often difficult to blow, only vomit sound, so it is called "dumb xiao".
Flute·Silver
Silver tip xiao head and tail are silver, the tone is calm and clear, the pipe is thin, although slightly lost in the ebullience, but good value for money, quite popular with the literati and elegant people.
Flute·Joyful
Smiling face weng has a lively tone and the body of the xiao is engraved with the image of a smiling Buddha, hence the name. This xiao is more light-hearted than deep, and it is difficult to portray sadness although it can draw out the joy in the heart of the people.
Flute·Phoenix
The phoenix head is engraved with a phoenix head, the sound of birdsong, gas to the sound out, long after the rhyme, low like the echo of the empty valley, high as the grass grows warbler, can be described as a good xiao carry on.
Flute·Mandarin duck
The sound of mandarin ducks is unique, and although there is only one xiao, it sounds like another xiao. Its sound is gentle and lingering, and it is named after the pair of cross-necked mandarin ducks painted in gold.
Flute·Frown
It is said that the sorrowful heart was created by Li Mo, who was good at playing flute during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong of Tang Dynasty. The body of this flute is short, the sound of the flute is sad, even if it is not played by a good player, it can make the heart break and tears fall down.
Ghost Cry
Ghost night cry xiao sound clear and sharp, potential to break the air. According to legend, when Cang Jie made words, the sky rain corn, ghosts cry at night, now Cang Jie has long been immortal, but the sound of this xiao can be as many ghosts howling, chilling.
Flute·Rainbow deer
The poem says: "You and the deer are singing, eating the artemisia in the wild. I have a guest, virtuous sound Kong Zhao". Xia Deer xiao body overflowing with haze, on the spotted pattern, like an elk, its sound and music and zhan, clear as jade, so it was named.
Flute·Evil guide
Evil, that is, incorrect also. The unique shape of the evil lead, xiao holes distributed on both sides of the mouthpiece, when playing, you need to press both hands horizontally on it, just like a wild goose flying. The sound is as low as an ocarina, as smooth as a xiao, and as high as a flute, which makes the listener feel relaxed and lofty, but unconsciously in a trance, and evil will be seen.
Flute·Agate
Agate xiao is a common jade xiao, but the pattern on each xiao is a little different because of the variability of the agate pattern.
Flute·Crystal
Colorful stone xiao is colorful and luminous, and the sound of xiao is clear and delicate, which can please the ears and entertain the eyes, and is quite interesting.
Flute·Ghost mark
Ghost pattern short xiao sound beautiful, change of tune flexible, xiao body pattern bright and change of color, look at the appalling, like a ghost, so the name.
Flute·Warbler
"In the wild temple, the monks are looking for a place to stay, and the warblers are crying through the trees. A sound of mountain rain rests, and several points of chaotic clouds are low". The singing of the warbler's pipes is so melodious that it can attract the yellow warbler to harmonize with it, which is quite a natural and wild interest.
Flute·Bees guide
Whenever the player exhales sharply, the sound of the xiao will be like a million bees flying out, buzzing and amazing, not for those who are proficient in music.
Flute·Red Dragon
According to legend, the red dragon is the mount of the immortals. Red dragon xiao is shaped like a dragon, its sound is fierce and majestic, whenever it is blown, the xiao body red light will appear, as if there is a spirit.
Flute·Dusk cicada
The cicadas drink dew and sound far away. The body of the cicada is decorated with jade cicadas, and the sound of the cicada is as slender as a cold cicada, floating to fly, and like the sound of chimes, the mood is far-reaching and can make the hearer feel nostalgic and inexpressible.
Flute·Galaxy
The son on the river said: "Passing away is like a slave, do not give up day and night". Star River Hundred Revolutions is unique in texture, looking as if the stars in the sky have fallen into it, running endlessly. Its sound is like a river flowing, a vast soup, and like the undercurrents, a hundred turns and a thousand turns, which can make the hearer sigh on the river.
Flute·Immortal song
The sound of the gods and ghosts stepping on the song is like Kunshan jade, and it is said that it can make "eight tones to harmonize, the gods and people to harmonize", which is a Jedi heavenly pass before, shared by people and gods. As the poem goes, "Jun music descends from the sky, and the gods and ghosts come to sing", there is nothing more beautiful than this.
Flute·Water jade
Water jade xiao color like lake water, slightly cool in the hand, xiao several inches long, its sound is gentle, is one of the most common jade xiao.
Flute·Emerald bone
Jade bone xiao is turquoise, like jade bone, its sound is high, the after sound is endless, quite sad, so there is a poem: "floating floating sea to go, blowing xiao to the blue sky".
Flute·Jade screw
The jade conch short xiao is made of beautiful jade, only an inch long, which is embedded with the conch, bright and beautiful, its sound is pleasant to the ear, its shape is elegant and chic.
Flute·Soul absorb
The soul xiao sound beautiful, rich overtones, beginners just play with this xiao, often a song before the end, it has been hands numb, but if you can adapt, you feel that the word "soul" is true to its name.
Flute·Immortal Han
Legend has it that among the Eight Immortals, Han Xiangzi was the best at music and used the sound of the xiao to convey his love to the dragon lady in the sea. This xiao, named after Han Xiangzi, has a clear tone and a long after-tone that can make birds look at it and fish stop.
Flute·Amethyst Phoenix
"The purple phoenix is a delicate pendant, and the red scales dance wildly to pluck the Hunan strings". It is said that the purple phoenix is the genus of phoenix, steadfast and unyielding, the color of this xiao purple nearly black, the sound is like bamboo wind pine snow, the xiao body of light floating, like the phoenix, so the name.
Flute·Moon-Jade bone
The color of Su Yue Li Bone is like glaze, its sound is pure and clear, like the moon shining within the four seas and floating outside the nine heavens, and the hearer only feels that the mind is empty and clear, as if seeing the scene of "straining the water to purify Su Yue, the moon is bright and white heron flying".
Flute·Sea emerald
"Xuandu five provinces of wind and dust, three mountains of blue sea waves deep", blue sea in the East overseas, the water is not bitter and salty, sweet and fragrant beauty. The jade is made of beautiful jade, its sound is as clear as a ring of pearls, as clear as running water, can be through the sea and the sea without change.
Flute·Jade carving
The jade man to heart xiao body is white but seeped with red lines, the legend is the three life stone for love, and turned into a genie, sent in the jade xiao. The sound of this xiao is ethereal and slender, like the fairy mountain clouds, quiet and distant, as if the blue sea and the blue sky, love is moving, gentle and sighable, can make the living die and the dead live.
Flute·Wood
Wooden xiao is light, its sound is relaxed, the natural wood grain can be seen on the xiao, because of cheap and easy to obtain, quite popular with beginners.
Flute·ZiXu
According to legend, after Wu Zixu's father and brother were killed by the king of Chu, he was a beggar and played the xiao to beg for food. The sound of this xiao is gentle and moving, the same as the xiao used by Zixu.
Flute·Butterfly
"Children rush after yellow butterflies, flying into the flowers and nowhere to be found". Yellow butterfly xiao body green and yellow, carved butterflies, mountain people and hermits often use this xiao blowing country music, to show that the poor and happy, relaxed.
Flute·Hypnosis
Ke Ting xiao was originally made from the rafters of the local high moving pavilion when Cai Yong was passing through Huiji. This xiao has a unique and unique sound, and the method of making it has been passed down from generation to generation until now.
Flute·Emerald mist
"The song "Ramie Smoke at Dusk. The sound of the ramie is so clear and distant that it makes you feel like you are seeing the sunset and the birds returning to the forest.
Flute·Sweetdream
Dream listening to incense is carved from exotic wood, its fragrance is clear and quiet, and its sound is like a wisp, vague and continuous, fragrance and sound as one, and finally become "listening to incense", so that the smell can not forget, even in the dream can also remember.
Flute·Miracle
"I see the green hills are charming, I expect the green hills should see me like this". The sound of the xiao is gentle, pulsating like a complaint, good musicians Bing this xiao travel between heaven and earth, the sound is extremely loud, to the road and the rhythm, sound and rhyme, all sentiment, vaguely can hear the mountain wind echo, water waves together.
Flute·Rare sound
It is said that the sound is created by the history of xiao during the reign of Qin Mu Gong, who said: "the sound of the ancient times, the heavenly man was given". Although this xiao is made of spirit wood, its sound is not similar to other wood xiao, low like whistling leaves, high like whistle, happy like a person, the world is not surprised, so the name is: "outside the sky strange sound".
Flute·Alone
"If the orchid is born in spring and summer, it is so green. The color of the empty forest is unique, and the purple stems of the vermilion overlap". The body of the unique bone xiao is straight, its quality is like iron, the bone joints are clear, its sound is like empty valley orchid, Huating crane sings, the sound and phoenix rhythm, clear and uncommon, it is said to be created by Ling Lun on the order of the Yellow Emperor.
Flute·Bamboo
If the bamboo section is too short, the head and tail can be cut off to ensure that the body is intact and the tone is not lost.
Flute·Snake
Snake xiao has a small body and is decorated with carved snakes. The sound is more high-pitched and flexible than that of ordinary wooden pipes, and more attention is paid to the tongue technique when playing.
Flute·Jade screen
Jade screen xiao is made of carefully selected materials and fine crafted, which requires dozens of processes to be created and is said to be handed down by immortals. The body is often engraved with pictures of dragons and phoenixes, landscapes, poems and so on, and the sound is beautiful and clear.
Flute·Nine sections
It is shaped like a cone, painted with blue lacquer both inside and outside, and wrapped with threads, so that the music is bright and beautiful, easy to play and will not break.
Flute·QingYangYin
The color of Qingyang citation is like bamboo, the shape is ancient and simple, and the tone is soft, just like the sun in March, when everything comes to life, exactly: "Qingyang first into the rhythm, Shu Qi should be spring wind".
Flute·Hibiscus
"Long love the shadow of the blue fence, when the hibiscus autumn water is open". Embroidered text hibiscus xiao engraved on the hibiscus, its sound is clear and bright, just like the arrival of summer, the wind sends fragrance, full of lotus flowers and red sun reflecting, hence the name.
Flute·Sentimental memories
"The sound of the jade xiao breaks the cloud screen, the mountains are far away and the water is far away. It is said that if the player can fall in love with the person he misses, the sound of the xiao can fly over the mountains and reach thousands of miles away.
Flute·Peach blossom
According to legend, during the period of Taikang in the Western Jin Dynasty, a peach forest suddenly appeared outside Yanmen County, where a man lived in a hut, not knowing where he had come from, nor his name, often entertaining himself with his pipes and strings, the natives were surprised, so it was called "Peach Blossom Fairy". Afterwards, the world was in turmoil, the peach forest and the fairy were lost, but the method of making flutes has been passed down to this day.
Flute·Eternally sadness
People are born in the world, feel the greatness of heaven and earth, mayfly life, creation and change is impermanent, thousands of years as it is, often lament, no relief, so there are sages to create a million ancient sorrow, chat as a consolation. The sound of this xiao is vast and distant, such as the long sky, the moon, the stars in the sky, the world heard this, only to feel disappointed and lost, in a trance and weeping.
HG·Iron
Iron hand is a simple to build from raw iron gloves, the use of the knuckles need to force, so the object is easy to hide, the brave people often carry with them.
HG·Square
The four-pronged gloves are worn on the four fingers, each finger has a total of four angles of the gloves, can use the raised point against the enemy, even the weak scholar, can also use it to defend themselves.
HG·Tiger
Tiger head iron palm set because the back of the palm with gold and iron carved into the shape of a tiger's head and named, this material is heavy, fist wind harsh, but also can be on the angles of the tiger's head, sharp teeth to hurt people.
HG·Wind and fire
Hun iron, that is, pure iron. Wind and fire arm is made of pure iron, absolutely no impurities, when the wearer fist like a strong wind, aggression like fire, amazing power, so named.
HG·Panther
As the saying goes: "Cunning and quicker than monkeys and apes, brave and swift as a leopard chi dragon". The leopard chi dragon iron hand leopard head and chi dragon pattern, its cold light, such as the desire to devour people, the user has not yet shot, but the boldness has been born.
HG·Diamond
It is said that if the user can concentrate on one thing and go forward, the object will be indestructible; but if the user has doubts, the object will become a mere mortal.
HG·Dragon capture
"The dragon rides the time change, call the wind and rain". According to legend, the dragon can be large or small, changing according to the time, can never be matched by ordinary people; however, the dragon hand is as fast as lightning, can be issued with the wearer's intention to move, even the sky dragon can not escape.
HG·Shock
The God's Might Hand is powerful and glorious. When the wearer does not move, the light is like a firefly; when a fifth of the force, the light is like the white moon; the body and mind unite, the ground collapses and the mountains are destroyed, it can be said: "Charm the universe and glory, Zhang Tiandi's divine power.
HG·Cyan
Green turbidity hand can gather all the surrounding turbidity in the palm strike, forming a green mark on the surface of the body, hence the name. This mark can cut off the meridians, making people in pain, there is "a mark of the form of elimination, two marks of soul destruction" said.
HG·Palm sleeve
The Naughty Iron Palm Sleeve is made of cooked iron, which is hard and not easily damaged, and has a lot of weight, so it makes the wearer's swing more powerful.
HG·Bone crusher
The more the steel is exercised, the harder its quality. Bone crushing steel hand made of steel, the potential can break the bone, hard not to break, it is: "steel test nine fires, weary look not haggard".
HG·Iron cloud
Iron cloud palm set is carefully forged according to the shape of the user's hand, although the momentum is like a fast wind, but the wearer only feel empty hands, only the remaining clouds and mist.
HG·Mountain shaken
"Thunder shakes the mountains to pieces, electricity cuts the whales and salamanders to death". The iron arm of Zhenshan has a strong texture and can shatter stubborn stones, and when the wearer strikes, he can often hear the faint thunder, like the power of overturning the sea.
HG·Earth
As the saying goes, "The power of the kunyuan is the power of the kunyuan. The kunyuan arm is soft outside and rigid inside, with the momentum of performing the right and waive the impulse, and also has the virtue of holding and carrying all things, thick and clear.
HG·Lightning swift
The surface of the iron arm of thunder shines like a swimming snake, and when it is waved, it is like the roar of the thunderbolt and the opening of the gates of heaven, which can be described as: "Breaking open the gorge and roaring thunder, ten thousand dendrobiums of flying springs gushing out.
HG·Dragon scale
When it is unfolded, the palm wind is like a blade, which is sure to see blood; when it is closed, the fist force is like that of a dragon, which can separate the head of a person with just a light blow.
HG·Chaos
"The Great Beginning has not yet taken shape, and Chaos has no boundaries". The Chaos Hand is invisible and colorless, just like the time when heaven and earth were not yet divided, and it can quietly dissolve all the power, while every move of the wearer contains great power.
HG·Mysterious Iron
Xuan iron palm set is invulnerable, all in one, even with sharp objects will not leave scratches, but the Xuan iron is the world's hardest, so it is extremely difficult to forge, only with blazing fire with the method of casting can be made.
HG·Eagle claw
Eagle claw hand end hollow, its shape is like a cone, can fit with the fingertips; the front end curved, like an eagle claw, can be its edge to hurt people.
HG·Spike claw
The wolf tooth hand is a gold and iron glove that covers the entire palm, named after the spikes at the knuckles that are shaped like wolf teeth, which are so sharp that they can easily cut through the skin.
HG·Silver claw
Rotten silver gold lore claw bottom color like silver, gold pattern interlaced, its hidden sharp edges, if at a critical juncture to pop out, it can hurt the enemy in the unintended.
HG·Condor claw
The vulture claw is shaped like a vulture's toe claw, with ball and barb on it, very flexible, once the wearer finds the time, he can use it to hit the enemy hard, hence the name.
HG·Golden snake
Golden snake lock curved like a snake, the length of the heart, you can use the momentum to lock the oncoming blade, there is really "lightning golden snake a thousand feet, thunder Zhen Ling turtle ten thousand stacks" the power.
HG·Lion fight
The lion is brave and fierce, and is the longest of all the beasts, often living in groups with its class, and is aggressive and fearless. The lion's hands are spiked like thorns, and the sides have two steel blades with curved swords, which are sharp and incomparable, so those who wear these gloves can fight with a group of lions without losing ground.
HG·Metal crusher
"The jade contains the stone, who knows it; the gold is hidden in the earth, who judges it". Break the jade part of the gold exquisite incomparable, only hands above the index finger is equipped with a sharp edge, but can easily cut through the gold, iron, jade and stone, its cut off as if natural, not human-made, hence the name.
HG·Cyan ghost
Green Ghost Breaking Sky can ignite the sky, its color is green, like a ghost fire. Where this fire, not an inch of grass, all music is silent, can be in an instant to make everything to nothing, the world fear, it is called: "green ghost broke the sky.
HG·Gold essence
The golden hand is natural, not to be carved, only with real fire to melt the real gold, can be cast. Its quality is strong and indestructible, things move with the heart, although thin as a cicada wing, but can not be easy for all generations, not decayed and immortal.
HG·Iron bone
Iron bone hand cold texture, light like frost and snow, enveloping the five fingers, can make the wearer as if born with iron bones general fist power increased.
HG·Golden Pumpkin
The golden melon arm is yellow in color, covering the hand and arm, and is named after a pair of golden melons. When this object is waved with great force, once it is hit, it will often be immobilized.
HG·Array breaker
The armor is made of fine material and beautiful shape. It is said that since the creation of the "Qin King's Breaking Formation Music" in the seventh year of the Tang Dynasty, the armor will be worn whenever a soldier performs the Breaking Formation song, in order to strengthen the military strength.
HG·Lightning storm
As the saying goes: "Tunjian sea cloud formation, fight to strike through the thunder god". Lei Gong arm texture green and black, aura imitation Buddha, its potential is amazing, like thunder execution, such a treasure, really seems to be handed down by Lei Gong himself.
HG·Wind and cloud
Wind and clouds five fingers wrapped around five fingers, the scene of light star charm, the wearer just a hand, there will be wind and clouds from the palm of the hair, the real so-called "hand up and pouring mountains and mountains, the wind and clouds" also.
HG·Tsunami
Hectare means a hundred mu. Thousands of the Cangtao hand light inward, its force is like a thousand waves, majestic vastness, continuous, really have "Xuan wave Zhen Cangtao, Hongjin drum ten thousand streams" momentum.
HG·KuaE
The two sons of Kua'e, the ancient god of great strength, were ordered by the emperor to carry Taihang and Wangwu in Shuodong and Yongnan. It is said that the arm of Kua'e was used by the Kua'e clan to move mountains and reclaim land.
HG·Whale Dragon
The whale dragon is the head of a dragon and the body of a fish, as long as a whale salamander. According to legend, the whale dragon arm is a divine creature, its light flowing, such as spiritual wisdom, the wearer can get the power of the whale swallowing the four seas, waves.
HG·Annihilation
As the ancients said, "If you do not have a way to exterminate, the world can be fixed". The hand of extermination is indestructible, no evil can not be destroyed, although the army of a million, its power is also unstoppable, there is a pacification of the sea, clarify the world's potential, so the name.
HG·Agate
"Pale rouge washed by rain, cut agate as thin as clouds". Agate finger buckle hard texture, raised angles, is both decorative, but also as a sharp weapon for self-defense.
HG·Ruby
The red pearl finger bundle is named after a finger ring shaped like a vermilion fruit that is connected to the palm sleeve, which is decorated with ancient patterns and hidden spikes, allowing the wearer to gather palm force on one point, making it difficult to resist.
HG·Mist
Illusionary light hand five light wandering, ten colors, seemingly real and illusory, striking, weak-minded people who are attracted to this light when fighting the enemy, will sit and miss the opportunity.
HG·Rainbow mist
The haze arm is white and flawless, but when it dances, it can send out a path of haze, splendid and beautiful, it can really be said: "negative yin and holding Yang, and dense gas".
HG·Shooting star
The hand of the remnant star is embellished with pieces of precious stones, which are dotted with shimmering light, resembling stars and lightning, as in: "The moon is still bright at dawn, and the sparse wood is hanging with remnant stars.
HG·Ghost
If the wearer intends to hurt someone, the line will open like a ghost eye, fierce, so that people's liver and guts; if you do not intend to hurt someone, the ghost eye closed, only a line of white light.
HG·Starlight
Hundred Yao hand is made of all kinds of beautiful jade collection, bright light, like a river in the sky, when dancing only to see the stars flashing, color through the district Ming, really do not know the heaven and earth, I am in.
HG·Dragon
The Dragon Hand is named after the precious jade carved into a sacred dragon coiled on it and as strong as a rock. Whenever the wearer swings the Dragon Hand, a dragon roar will come out with amazing sound.
HG·Goddess heart
The heart of the empress is clear, folded and unbroken, containing seven hues and wonders, if placed in the hands of the sage, there will be the sound of the ring and admiration; in the hands of the villain, it will be obscure; because of the precious and unusual, the intention is high and pure, so it is called "empress heart".
HG·Crystal
Crystal jade finger clasps are clear and lovely, and the lamé is a palm cover with five bare fingers, decorated with aqua-colored jade between the knuckles and wrists.
HG·Calyx
Cold calyx hand shaped like a calyx, quality like frost and snow, it can be said: "palm for flowers, jade for the calyx", beautiful and elegant, showy but not vulgar. The upper sepals are thin and sharp, which can hurt people.
HG·Fluorescent
"Floating jade flying Qiong, to the profound Pavilion Jingxuan, multiplying the clear and absolute". According to legend, when Wangmu met with Emperor Wu, she ordered her maid Feiqiong to welcome her with a drum, and Feiqiong's hand floated with clear air, just like Qiong Hua descending from the sky, so it got its name.
HG·Water dance
The water linglong is made of flawless jade, on which there are ten small beads in series, as soon as the wearer moves, there will be the sound of running water tinkling, it is: "the remaining moon what is ambiguous, the distant water sounding linglong".
HG·ShuangE
"May I be like the star and the moon, and the light will shine brightly every night". Widow finger clasp finger ring like a star, wrist ornaments such as the moon, the star and the moon are connected, bright and snowy, sending an endless love for each other.
HG·Toad soul
The toad hand is pure and flawless, and the cold air is lingering, really like the wide cold and clear void of the house, cold and lonely. The poem: "the frost on the leaves of the insects under the grass, the rabbit cold toad cold laurel white", this is also said.
HG·Lotus bone
The flowers on the palm are like a pair of lotus blossoms, and the butterflies are as light and dazzling as a butterfly, which can be described as: "all flying nymphs and butterflies are chasing each other, and the hibiscus is a double.
HG·Dragon snake
Dragon snake like a dragon but not a dragon, is a horn can fly, but has not yet turned into a dragon spirit snake. Dragon snake ice image like a dragon snake, such as the quality of ice, can fly out and back on their own, to the cold air to hurt people.
HG·Clarity
"The bodhi self-nature is originally pure, but with this mind, one becomes a Buddha straight away. It enables one to cut off the delusional mind, not to have delusions, to be free of delusions, to be pure in the original nature, and to realize that all appearances are not appearances.
HG·Wood
Wooden hand armor is made of tiny pieces of wood spliced together, its shape is just like ordinary gloves, but flexible, not easy to affect the movement of the wearer.
HG·Phoenix
It is light and beautiful, resembling a phoenix flying high, because there is only one ring attached to the palm and worn on the index finger, so it is named "One Finger Bundle".
HG·Ruby claw
Broken red claw tough texture, with a little red, like a frosty forest fall maple; its shape is like a claw, the wearer can both the tip of the claw to hurt people, but also buckle the motive bracket, launch the hidden poison.
HG·Plum spring
"plum snow vying for spring has not been willing to descend, the tart court pen fee comment chapter". Plum snow vying for spring red and white, bone distinct, dark fragrance floating, cold vague, really like as plum snow reflecting each other, vying for the return of spring general.
HG·Vanquish evil
The fragrance of grass and wood, the sweetness of grains, all kinds of aroma varies from time to time, can expel the evil, subdue the spirit, can be said that the fragrance of the best, so the name "heavenly fragrance".
HG·Amber
"The body is soft and light yellow, and only the fragrance remains. No need for light blue and deep red, since it is the first class of flowers". Light yellow hand color, fragrance are like osmanthus, although the reputation is not obvious, but the temperament is unyielding, can be called first-class.
HG·Vanquish demon
Demons, also known as devas, can take away the life of wisdom and harm sentient beings, and can only be subdued by bodhisattvas who are certified to be extinct. The arm of the demon-subduing god is so divine that it can manifest the Dharma body of the King of Light and cut off external demons with supreme light.
HG·Red cloud
"It is suspected to be made by the Goddess of Luochuan. The broken morning glory is shaped like a peony, with a thousand shapes and colors, too much for the morning glory, which makes people marvel at it and is suspected to be made by the goddess of Luochuan.
HG·Blood essence
Blood dew is shaped like morning dew, blood color is rich, although no blade, but can draw essence, nourishing itself, every time you swing, there will be a flash of blood; wearer with it against the enemy, it will be the other side, the more courageous the battle.
HG·Bamboo
The boxing gloves are made of bamboo gabions, which are smooth on the outside, soft on the inside and comfortable to wear, but easily breakable.
HG·Rain
"The night rain comes to rest in the morning, the empty mountain autumn air is clear". The cold texture of the hand of the persistent rain, soft as if nothing, just like the night rain silent, the morning rise to know.
HG·Monkey
The hand of the ape is light and soft, shaped like a pan root, which can make the wearer move sensitively, just like "the mountain ape lives across the clouds, and the forest bird returns by the wind".
HG·Monster trap
The five finger bundle of demon binding is as smooth as silk, and the finger bundle is wrapped with charms, which can drive away evil spirits and bind the demons when waved.
HG·Apricot
The apricot yellow hand yellow with red, like the apricot, to come like the sunset flame, go like the morning smoke, shallow and deep gathering and scattering, ten thousand take a collection, as if the floating clouds with rain, night dew condensation sorrow.
HG·Sky and earth
As the saying goes: "Qian is the sky, Kun is the earth". Dry and Kun arms are light and tough, inch by inch connected, is a pair of arms divided into dry arms, Kun arms of the boxing set, where the dry is like the sky, seems to be able to destroy mountains and break the sea, Kun is like the earth, seems to be able to embrace all things.
HG·Blood finger
The dark fragrance blood toe blood color condensation and does not disperse, the fragrance seems to have if not, from a distance as if hands for blood, palpitating, it is said that its fragrance can cover up the blood, and drink more blood, the brighter the color.
HG·Black Dragon
Xuan colored coiled dragon hand Xuan bottom gold pattern, the dragon power within, not subject to wind invasion and rain, can be like a dragon soaring, change the wind and clouds, the wearer fist palm to, the grass and trees are all fallen, the mountains and forests into the air.
HG·Sigh
It is invisible and colorless, and can fit on the human hand by itself, and can change into various forms according to the mind of the wearer, which is not a worldly object.
HG·Tiger claw
The tiger claw hand is made of a whole piece of tiger skin through the cut, the texture is flexible, the wearer only feel free to move, palm wind hunting raw power.
HG·Animal pattern
The animal print gloves are rugged, with the beast's spots visible on them, and with the fleece, comfortable to wear, but in the summer heat, it is not inevitable to lose the cool.
HG·YinYang
The Yin Yang Hand has two palm sleeves, one for Yin and the other for Yang. The yin is soft and skillful to win; the yang is fierce and powerful to break the enemy; the use of this object is flexible, the wearer can both yin and yang, but also can focus on one side.
HG·LiuHe
Heaven, earth, and the four directions are called the Sixth Harmony. The Six Harmonies palm set is flexible and thin like a cicada wing, but when the wearer strikes, the palm force will come from all directions, making it impossible to defend and evade.
HG·Night roar
The night roar is shaped like a claw, black all over, can be melted in the night, extremely hidden. According to legend, whenever the Night Roar takes a person's life, there will be a sad sound, its sound is like a trapped beast, can stop children crying at night.
HG·Shadows
The five shadows are wrapped around the whole hand, the texture is light and soft, the clear air is vague, when dancing, you can only see five uneven shadows, and it is impossible to distinguish where the hand is, where the force is, hence the name.
HG·Universe
It is said that "the creation is visible, and the sky is full of instruments".
HG·Golden scale
It is covered with gold scales, like a unicorn armor, and decorated with golden ribbons, hence the name; when it dances, it is common to see clouds follow it and it rains suddenly, so there is a poem: "The feather ribbon moves with the wind, and the golden lion flies with the rain".
HG·Golden cicada
The golden cicada gloves are exquisite, rigid outside and tough inside, just like the golden body of Buddha, indestructible; its quality is clear, only when the user palms out, the golden light will shine, all like the golden cicada wings and fly.
HG·Wildman
It is made of animal fur and has a slightly fishy smell. It is named after the mountain people who often make it from local materials and wrap their hands in it.
HG·Tattoo
Yellow grain hand is taken from the beast fur tanned, flexible and lightweight, fine texture, yellow lines across, quite wild.
HG·Twist cloud
It is white in texture and decorated with cloud patterns. When viewed from afar, it is as agile as two cranes, and when inspected, it is as amiable as smoke and clouds, and when the wearer strikes his palm, the sound of wind is incessant, just like a crane's cry.
HG·Autumn
The palm of Qingqiu is clear, pure and bright, so that the wearer can move without stagnation and respond in time, carrying the wind of cool dew in the fist and the brightness of the high sky in the palm.
HG·Dragon and Phoenix
The dragon and phoenix weaving cloud hand is interwoven with light, light texture, cloudy and windy, when the wearer strikes it looks like a dragon flying in white water, phoenix flying in the market, weaving clouds like brocade, colorful haze like a painting.
HG·Rainbow ribbon
Five light weaving patterns such as waves, and like light clouds, five light wandering, ten colors, dancing like a rainbow in the hands, clear waves, like a dream, like a fantasy, beautiful.
HG·GuiXia
Returning to the light texture, clear and beautiful, between the Ying shrinkage volume, between the heart and the eyes, there is such as running star overturned, the sunset haze convergence of color, false stand God Su, the wonderful contract with the dust.
HG·JiuYing
The painting of the nine English luster huan, the shape of the magnificent, like nine kinds of flowers, long blooming, and like the bell mountain of the Ying, by the fire does not change, really is the immortal herb spiritual flowers, ice and jade instrument.
HG·Mud cloud
"Don't say that clouds and mud are different, they are in the same free place". The mud and cloud hand has interlocking textures and complex structure, and is so powerful that it can pass through the heavens and the earth, and the wearer can turn the clouds with one hand and the mud with the other, turning his hand into clouds and rain with the other.
HG·Tangle
It is made of hemp cloth, and the process is simple. It is wrapped around the wrist and knuckles, and the strength of the palm, wrist and arm can be linked together.
HG·Rogue
"The warbler also misses me, and cries for the spring breeze all day long by the willow". The color and sound of a flowing warbler is like that of a flowing warbler, and its movement is also like that of a flowing warbler, so it is small and exquisite, which makes people love it.
HG·Melt
It is called "Hue Yi" because it is a simple, uncomplicated and smoothly shaped hand that can bring out the moves in the user's mind to the fullest.
HG·Flower blossom
Hundred kinds of flowers are taken as cloth and wrapped with golden silk, often smelling the fragrance before seeing the object, the user can not only disturb the enemy with fragrance, but also hurt people with palm force.
HG·Lost river
As the saying goes: "The water flows eastward, and the waves continue before and after". The water is gentle, but the force on it is like flowing water, the response is a little careless, will be caught in it, it is difficult to escape.
HG·Finesse
Thousands of ingenious weaving methods can form different patterns on both sides, and if the viewer looks at it from different directions and moments, the colors are very different, which can really be said: "Thousands of ingenious techniques are in it".
HG·Frozen
Xuan ice ghost toe cold, as if 10,000 years of ice; its quality floating around, like a ghost shadow. When the wearer strikes, only to see the frosty sky, the ghost shadow whistling, ghastly, as in the eight cold hell general.
HG·Hornless Dragon
According to legend, a thousand chi dragons is the blood of the dragon, when waving the momentum is magnificent, unpredictable, and common dark clouds, like a thousand chi dragons coiled in the hands, waiting for an opportunity to move, it is: "chi coils get situation, Album fly as Xuan household".
HG·Sky silkworm
Heavenly silkworm palm set is made of silk, its quality is as light as nothing, water and fire do not invade, tough and indestructible, with an open mind as a valley, the potential of the sea, but also soft to overcome rigid, strong when encountered.
HG·Hemp
Woven with jute palm cover, rough appearance, cheap and durable, cool and breathable, rough texture.
HG·Brocade
With plain yarn as the base and embroidery as the text, it is called najin. The five finger bundle is made of cotton and linen, with a soft texture and detailed embroidery, making it comfortable to wear without losing its beauty.
HG·Cymbidium
"Pan-rippling clear streams are full, Weiwei dahurica is born". The dahurian dahurian hand is green in white and fragrant, which can make travelers forget to return and pedestrians stop walking, hence the name.
HG·Jade tooth
The hand is thin and flexible, stretching and flexible, the wearer's fingertips show a bit of green, shaped like blue teeth, engraved on the palm, and like a distant mountain with Dai, cloud shadows.
HG·Snow
"The clouds are low and far away, and the flying snow dances in the long sky". Hun like snow texture white, cold to the touch, waving when the cold wind gusts, seems to have snowfall.
HG·Golden silver
Gold and silver weave flexible exception, yellow and white interweave, as if woven with gold and silver thread, shadow lying in the clear light, the sun and the moon, waving as seen when the dragon holding a candle, reflecting the immortal.
HG·Great Yin
Xuan Hei is the god of Tai Yin, master of all the harsh winds and ice. Tai Yin Xuan Hei hand to Yin to cold, have turned water into ice, freezing the ability to shatter the five organs, non-internal energy profound people can not use.
HG·Psychedelic
The fragrance is unique, charming all day long, cold and pleasant, the smell of the bones crisp, can make people drunk, dreaming of death, unconscious, people said: "incense up the soul, incense scattered people died".
HG·Dew
When water is covered on it, it condenses and does not leak, gathers and does not disperse, like a dewdrop that resides in the palm, so it can be said to carry dew with snow and change.
Club·Cobalt Iron
The unique cobalt iron pestle resembles a stick with a pointed head, and the waist of the pestle is decorated with lotus patterns, the shape of which is one and the same, without any side branches, symbolizing the Buddha's unification of all dharmas with one.
Club·Steel
The steel pestle is made of steel, cobalt is divided into three channels, hard texture, although no decoration, its appearance, but can break bones and crack stones.
Club·Hook Clamp
The pestle and mortar have a unique top opening, with two cobalt channels, shaped like a hook and pincer, symbolizing the two methods of "determination and wisdom" that can make people abandon their desires and break their worries, and can be used to hit with the body of the pestle and mortar, as well as to hurt people with the hook.
Club·Fire
"There is no peace in the three worlds, they are like a house of fire, and there are always sorrows of birth, old age, sickness and death, such as these fires, which are blazing and unending. The pestle and mortar are warm in the hand, and the body of the pestle is engraved with blazing flames, which reminds people of the suffering in the fire house, so they can return to the path.
Club·Lion Head
As the saying goes, "The lion is swift and has all the actions". The lion-headed pestle is bright and powerful, with claws at the outer end of each of its four strands, symbolizing the lion's head.
Club·Tower
Thousand layer pagoda golden color, shaped like a thousand layers of pagoda, the user if the concentration of breath, silent chanting of Buddhist scriptures, it can make it rotate rapidly, the pagoda layer by layer open, the light shines a thousand, solemn and majestic, amazing sound.
Chakravarti\nPoke
The Vajra is a three-cobalt vajra, shaped like the vessel used by the Great Wheel of Vajra, which has the wisdom of breaking the flame of confusion and the virtue of purity and perfection. The three cobalt coils on the pestle are like a wheel, which can manifest true words in the air and make people repent and bow down.
Club·Motionless
"In the Nirvati side, the immovable Buddha is a powerful and angry body with a fierce flame, dwelling in the stone. According to legend, this pestle has the solidity of the compassion of the King of Fudo, and is unshakable; when thrown, it is shaped like a blazing flame, seemingly capable of overturning the sky and destroying everything, so it is called "Fudo".
Club·Mahavairocana
It is said that the pestle and mortar are the samadhi form of the Buddha, indestructible and unshakeable. The holder can obtain the great power of the Buddha, develop the goodness of sentient beings, remove the karmic obstacles of sentient beings, and make the light of wisdom shine all over the Dharma world.
Club·Copper
Yuan copper mortar and pestle dark yellow color, round head and pointed tip, is imported from the Buddhist Buddhist Buddhist magic weapon, monks often hold it to practice, can also be used to defend the enemy.
Club·Skeleton
Skeleton pestle is made of gold and silver plating from Calvary, although the appearance is horrible, but quite powerful, it is said to be a monk in the past to make the world see the color is empty, to understand the way of reincarnation of life and death created.
Club·Svastika
Legend has it that there is a ten-thousand character mark on the chest of Rudra, which can gather ten-thousand auspiciousness and merits. The pestle and mortar have ten thousand characters engraved on their bodies, so that the holder of this pestle and mortar can overcome all hardships and difficulties with the devotion of his heart and the power of the pestle and mortar.
Club·Warrior
The pestle and mortar are heavy in texture and are named for their resemblance to the magic weapon held by Vajrapani. It is said that Vajra Rex, with his great strength, served the Buddha, and that this pestle was also capable of destroying demonic enemies and destroying the devils.
Club·Light of Five Peaks
The Five Peaks of Light is a five-stranded pestle, each with one peak, symbolizing the five wisdoms; the top and bottom are united, symbolizing the ten paramitas; the five cobalt gathered together, like Buddha's wisdom, can break the ten troubles and make the heart gain great light.
Club·Tiger
When wielded, the pestle and mortar resembles the pestle and mortar used by the tiger-clad king, with the pattern of the tiger's spots, and when wielded, the flame of light rises up, just like the wise fire of the king, which is able to subdue foreigners and illuminate all sentient beings with the power of the self and the kindness of the bodhisattva.
Club·Ajita
Legend has it that the King of Mighty Victory "subdues the demon army with a clear mantra, retreats from the obstacles to cure the djinn, is invincible, and holds a single cobalt mortar and pestle". It is a pestle made of fine iron, with a golden glow and a force of a thousand pounds, and the bearer seems to have the power of the King, hence the name.
Club·Yamantaka
The pestle is called "Great Might" for its power to subdue evil and "Great Virtue" for its power to protect good. This mortar and pestle is shaped like a trident, with the image of the King of Great Virtue engraved on it, which can break all the obstacles of sin and increase good fortune with the flame of wisdom, so it is named after Virtue.
Club·Asura
The Asura is an irritable, aggressive, arrogant and self-respecting person, between gods, humans and ghosts, with the blessings of a celestial being without the virtues of a celestial being, hence the name. It is bright at one end and resembles a god; at one end it is green and black and resembles a ghost; at the middle it is chaotic and resembles a human being; the holder can use the power of an asura to look out at all beings and the six paths are hard to beat.
Club·Coal Black
Zao black short pestle color like Zao gray, lustrous warm, although the form is complete, but no god, often used in the practice of pestle method.
Club·\nTri-cobalt Stone
The pestle is made of jade and has three branches at the head, which represent the three wisdoms and three views of the Dharma.
Club·Yaksha
The night fork is the fast and furious ghost, its strength is more than human, light, fast and brave. The pestle and mortar are interwoven with green and red, with a ghostly aura, the bearer only feels a great deal of energy, such as a night fork to help.
Club·Skanda
According to legend, Vedanta Bodhisattva is the god of wisdom and protection of the law, the hands of the pestle shaped like a sword, can cut demons. Vairocana is a unique cobalt pestle and mortar, when dancing sound breaking the air, such as hearing the sound of Brahma, can make the demons retreat.
Club·Animitta
The pestle is transparent and unadorned, as if it contains all the phases in one phase, as if it is free from all the phases and has no phases, it is subtle and far-reaching, and its power is contained within, so it is called "no phase".
Club·\nPentachrome Blueray
The five-color blue pestle is made of beautiful jade, the body of the pestle changes color, all five colors; the tip of the pestle is hidden through the blue, flickering; both the power to break the enemy, but also a dazzling light, hence the name.
Club·Sumeru
Legend has it that Mount Sumeru is composed of gold, silver, glass, crystal four treasures, living in the center of the 33 heavens. Four treasures Sumeru mortar and pestle four treasures together, the light from the birth, when thrown out like Sumeru Mountain pour, the salty sea water over, can make the demons split, the ghosts and gods scared.
Club·Vajra Break
Vajradhara is made of iron and adorned with jade. It is hard and indestructible, and is able to cut off all foolishness, pain, obstacles, and decay, just like Kṛṣṇa's vajra mind, hence its name.
Club·Pillar of Sky
"Qingdu Ziwei, Juntian Guangle, the emperor's residence". Juntian pillar of immortal light glittering, such as the God's Juntian; breaking wind sound, such as hearing the hundred gods of wide music; throwing out the momentum like a sky crash, the gods and Buddhas fear.
Club·\nMedicine Pestle
Pounding rod made of jade, shaped like a mortar and pestle, it is said that a scholar in the Tang Dynasty had to pound this object to get the elixir, to get a beautiful woman back, so it can also be a love affair.
Club·Crystal Light
"The moon and the treasure shoot each other, and the crystal light competes for freshness". The crystal light pestle is made of beautiful jade embedded in the pestle, and the light resembles the star and the moon, symbolizing the holder's spiritual clarity and wisdom as the light shines.
Club·Jade Bone
The unique cobalt jade bone mortar and pestle is beautifully decorated with jade bones, and both ends are unbroken, shaped like the Dharma vessel held by Vajradhara, which can inspire the Buddha's mind and destroy external enemies.
Club·Demon Vanquish
The mortar and pestle is shaped like a sharp blade with a dazzling light. The waist of the mortar and pestle is engraved with the three phases of Buddha's laughter, anger and scolding, which are pure and solemn.
Club·Tathata
It is true to the nature of all dharmas. The true nature of a mortar and pestle is solid, and its nature is always the same, regardless of the cold, summer, winter, and the sea, hence the name.
Club·Seven Jade
Buddha said that in the Pure Land of Ultimate Bliss, seven treasures cover the ground. It is decorated with seven kinds of treasures, and its sound is so dazzling and luminous that it looks like a pure land, which can dispel the worries of the bearer and make the evil spirits stay away.
Club·Padanaksipa
Legend has it that the Vajra holds a spinning lid in his right hand and a pestle in his left hand, which has supreme wisdom and virtue. Although the pestle is a jade pestle, the end of the pestle is like an umbrella, and inside it seems to have an endless flame burning, like the wisdom fire of the King of Light, which can remove all karmic obstacles.
Club·Sky Demon
"For example, of all the gods in the world of desire, the first is the heavenly demon Bochun. According to legend, the nine-cobalt mortar and pestle was created by the demon king Bochun to show his contempt for the heavenly gods, and there are eight cobalts in addition to the central axis, which means opposing the Eightfold Path; when the eight cobalts are in parallel, it can cause people's physical and mental destruction and eternal suffering.
Club·\nVanquisher of Three Realm
The three realms are the "desire realm, color realm, and colorless realm", which are the places where all sentient beings are reincarnated. It is said that the Three Realms of Surrender is used by the King of the Three Worlds. Its quality is strong and unbreakable, and the Buddha's light is like fire, which can break the three poisons of greed, anger, and dementia, and burn up the accumulation of ignorance since the beginning of time, so that there is no remaining dirt in the world, hence the name.
Club·\nTri-cobalt Wood
The three cobalt wooden pestles are of the same length, which means that the three secrets of "body, mouth and mind" are equal.
Club·Cloud
The cloud-shaped mortar and pestle is light and luminous, and the cobalt is decorated with a cloud pattern that appears to flow when it is waved, making it elegant and elegant, and pleasing to the eye.
Club·Ghost Mask
The pestle is a unique cobalt pestle, decorated with fire and pointed out at both ends; the waist of the pestle is slightly raised and carved with a ghostly face to make the bearer brave and vigorous to destroy external enemies.
Club·Ashtamangala
The eight auspicious objects, also known as the eight treasures, are said to have been dedicated by the celestial beings to celebrate the birth of Sakyamuni. The eight auspicious pestles are carved with the eight treasures to pray for success and good fortune, and also to remind people of the merits of Shizuoka and to seek progress.
Club·Hayagriva
It is said that the Horse Head King is the angry face of Avalokiteshvara, brave and fearless, and can eat the troubles of sentient beings and shine through their ignorance. The image of Avalokiteshvara is engraved on the horse-headed figure, so that the bearer can obtain the blessing of Avalokiteshvara and break the foolishness.
Club·Cyan and White Lotus
The Buddha said: "The Buddha is born in the world, grows in the world, goes out of the world, and does not cling to the dharma of the world, just as the lotus comes out of the water without clinging to the water. This mortar and pestle has two lotus flowers, one green and one white, carved on its waist, which are pure and untainted and can drive away the dirt of the world. Hence the name.
Club·Sweet Dew
"It is said that the dew is like a new branch. When the manna does not move, it is dull in color and shaped like dead wood, but when it is waved, the dew is self-generated and resembles a new branch. It is said that it can quench all sins, make all evils dissipate, and all beings return to peace and joy.
Club·\nDyeing Purification of Soul
"When one thinks of dwelling, it is called dyeing; when one thinks of giving up, it is called purity; when one practices all over, one is indifferent. The more the enemy's mind burns, the more powerful this pestle is.
Club·Cakrasamvara
It is said that the wheel of victory and happiness is a Dharma vessel created by Shengle Vajra. One end of the wheel is shaped like a crown, which contains all the wonderful dharma and can remove all the demonic obstacles; the other end is shaped like a lotus flower, which is bright and pure, and when the lotus flower is in full bloom, it can reveal the equal wisdom of all beings.
Club·Bamboo
The short bamboo pestle, about eight fingers long, is small in form, with small beads carved into the tip of the pestle, which turns whenever it is waved, just like a sutra wheel, symbolizing the perfection of the Buddha's wisdom.
Club·Karma
Karmas are karma. Karma arises from karma, and the results follow karma. Karmapa is a pestle and mortar with three cobalt images of body, speech and mind to warn people not to do evil deeds and not to create evil karma.
Club·Penta-cobalt
"The World Honored One speaks for me and persuades me to desire and rejoice". The five cobalt pestles are made of rattan branches and are thrown with a pleasant sound, as if the Buddha is speaking the right Dharma, which makes people rejoice.
Club·Mantra
The mantra is a true and unvarnished word. If the holder can unite body, mouth and mind and chant this mantra, he will be free from terror and sorrow.
Club·Dragon Trapped
The pestle has five cobalt tips and is shaped like a dragon's claw, while the body of the pestle is decorated like a chi dragon. The pestle is about twelve fingers long, and it is a solemn and fearsome pestle that can cut off covetousness, burn down evil views, break the mind and cut through demonic obstacles.
Club·Mandala
The mandala is also called the altar, which can round up all the virtues, generate all the Buddhas, and gather the three saints of the ten directions in one place. Mandala pestle with four cobalt elephants in four directions, gathered in the tip of the pestle, can destroy false views, open up the human wisdom, so it is named.
Club·Bodhicitta
"The bodhichitta is the seed of all Buddhas and is capable of giving birth to all Buddhas' teachings. Bodhichitta is the root of Buddhism, and this pestle is named after it, which is said to make the bearer purify the world's troubles and illuminate all sentient beings.
Club·Flame of Wisdom
"Vajradhara is the true and constant method, and the solution has three understandings to prove the six passages". Prajna wisdom flame is as solid as the supreme wisdom, into the hand warm, like the flame does not stop, the holder can burn away all the worries with Prajna, not for the object moved, free and easy.
Club·Sakka
According to legend, the emperor is the master of thunder and lightning, and is the master of the heavenly gods. This mortar and pestle is named after the Emperor, and has the ability to override all mortars and pestles and drive the power of thunder and lightning, when wielded, only to see the thunder and lightning intertwined, the wind blowing, such as the countless heavenly family members to help.
Sword·Iron
Iron swords are mostly made of pig iron, with a broad and straight sword shape, hard texture, gray and white mouth, and low cost.
Sword·Horse Slayer
The sword is wide and thick, long and sharp, and can cut the horse's foot, and only the Shang Fang order can cast it in Han Dynasty.
Sword·Cyan Edge
Qingfeng sword cold flash, through the sheath visible, according to legend, was originally Liu Bei's sword, can be described as: "Qingfeng autumn water cold, draw the sword whistling wind and rain".
Sword·YanZhi
It is named after the Yanzhi mountain clay used in its forging.
Sword·Raven Nine
"Ou Zhi Zi died a thousand years later, the genie secretly awarded Zhang Crow nine, Crow nine cast sword in the Wu Mountain, the sky and the sun when the gods borrowed work". Three feet crow nine swords can be decided on the floating clouds, under the ability to cut gold and jade, it is said that this is a famous master of the Tang Dynasty sword casting Zhang Crow nine in the Wu Mountain, take the essence of the sun and moon caused.
Sword·GongBu
Work cloth is exquisite, incomparable sharpness, this is the treasure sword made by Ouyezi, its texture such as flowing water from the hilt to the tip of the sword, must be cast with the elite of Kyushu, cold spring of water can sharpen.
Sword·Jade Blood
Nine tempered emerald blood sword green and red interwoven, floating light and mist, to point to the sky is the sun and the moon dark, to the sea is the whale salamander disappear, must be quenched many times before casting, can be said: "dragon spring and then quenched to know the benefit, fire raccoon re-burning to renew".
Sword·GanJiang
"Chastity and and jade, the use of the return of the dry general". According to legend, the dry general, Mo Xie is a furnace out of the original, need to take the five mountains of the iron essence, six of the gold Ying Fang can be cast, this sword is thrust without front, the strike without the next, blowing hair immediately broken, touch is bleeding.
Sword·ZhanLu
Zhan Lu is Ou Ye Zi poor red cordial mountain of tin, dry Ruo Ye Creek copper cast into the world's most famous sword, the sword into the time, the essence of light through the sky, the ghosts and gods trumpet, the world's sword there is no one to its right.
Sword·Great Iron
The steel heavy sword is square in shape and heavy in texture, so when using it, it needs to be wielded with the waist with the hand and the whole body.
Sword·Iron Breaker
Folding iron sword flat spine double-edged, simple blunt not sharp, the sword body is thick and heavy, into the hands of a steady, because of the strength of the heavy, can break raw iron and get the name.
Sword·Dark Sun
"The swords and halberds of Han pawns were made in Heshan, Tangxi and Moyang. Mo Yang sword is beautiful and strong, originally produced in Korea during the Spring and Autumn period, and is famous all over the world.
Sword·White Rainbow
White rainbow sword sword shape slender, heavy texture, under the edge of the waist, beautiful shape, the sword texture as ink into the water, waving as if white flying light.
Sword·True Steel
"The jade is missing, the sword is broken and blessed with true Kong". True Kong is one of the eight swords of the King of Yue, the height of the waist can be flush, the blade open half an inch, the sword is fierce, penetrating armor like paper.
Sword·DingQin
According to legend, when Qin Shi Huang was reigning for three years, he had cast two swords, inscribed as Ding Qin. The Ding Qin sword is as wide as a palm, both offensive and defensive, when used, the sword turns like a circle, looking out in all directions, as if the King of Qin swept the six hemispheres, the tiger looks at the world.
Sword·JuQue
It is said that Ou Ye Zi, a master swordsmith in the Spring and Autumn Period, made this sword for King Goujian of Yue in the spirit of heaven. The sword is straight in shape and has no visible edge, but its blade can break through a car and cut iron like a sticky rice, hence the name "Juqui".
Sword·Divine Iron
The black light divine iron sword is solid in texture, black aura vague, when the sword comes out there is like a stream of wind steaming thunder, the rainbow raised the sky, its high is crowned with nine days, its open is covered with eight corners, can make the three armies broken, soldiers confused, fierce beasts Ouzhan, river water folded Yang.
Sword·Mythic Iron
As the saying goes: "Great straightness if bent, great ingenuity if clumsy". Xuan iron sword sword body is thick and heavy, the sharpness is not obvious, but when the sword has "back to the mountain to turn the sea, the might of all things, bleeding a thousand miles, indestructible" momentum, can be described as the most rigid and courageous, unparalleled in the world.
Sword·Bluntness
Blunt sword without blade, slightly like an iron mace, both slashing, also can poke stab, slightly less powerful than the heavy sword, but the use of more flexible.
Sword·Self-control
"Kekkei is righteous, forgiving as well as others". Although the Kegi sword has the ability to hurt people, but not to win with sharpness, in order to warn the wearer of the sword when the point to stop, leaving room.
Sword·Mountain Guard
In ancient times, the imperial sword was called Shangfang. Zhen Yue Shang Fang sword texture complex, law just like, with virtue to convince people, not fake sharp edge, as the son of heaven to implement benevolent government, to determine the four directions.
Sword·ZhaoDan
According to legend, when King Wuding of Shang was reigning, he cast a sword with the inscription "Shining Guts" to show the will of revival. The blade of the sword was plain and blunt, and the pattern of the sword was like snow, so people often gave the sword to their friends because of its meaning of "the liver and guts shine together".
Sword·Wind Stopped
It is one finger thick and three fingers wide, so it is hard to break, the sword does not open the blade, and the gold ring is wrongly cut, the light shines on the moon, although there are gusts of wind blowing and the clear arashi is covering the eyes, it can be as stable as a mountain.
Sword·Ocean Cloud
The blue sea hanging clouds color nearly green blue, clear air floating, although the power of the vast, but not aggressive, just like the sea hanging clouds general quiet and distant, the sword is vast, it is: "spring China Cangjiang moon, autumn color blue sea clouds".
Sword·\nDragon and Tiger
If there is chaos in the world, the sword will be pointed at its direction and no one will be defeated. According to legend, it is because when the sword is out of the air, there is often a white shadow trailing behind and so named.
Sword·TaiE
"Tai Ah is not only the enemy of ten thousand, the four seas can be returned to the map of public opinion". Tai Ah is a famous sword of ancient times, originally cast by Ou Ye Zi, its potential is like Mount Tai, can "land break horses and cattle, water striking swan and geese", has the power to calm the four seas, blocking the three armies.
Sword·TaiChuQingXiao
"The Tao is the creation of one air from nothingness, and then from one air yin and yang are produced". The light of the primordial blue sky is far away, the sword qi is vast, just like the heaven and earth in the beginning, overflowing with innate air, which can be said to have no beginning and no end, endless.
Sword·Simple
The sword is straight, light as a wild goose feather, with a sharp blade, extremely heavy grinding work, but because of the brittle texture, often under the heavy blow to produce openings.
Sword·Seven Fingers
The seven-finger sword has a seven-finger long blade, with a raised middle ridge, a straight body and a narrow tip, and is popular with swordsmen because it is light and easy to carry, and has a strange and fast strain.
Sword·TangXi
"Casting more than one worker, the world called Chu Tangxi", Tangxi is located in Jin, Chu border, more precious swords. The Tangxi sword is exquisitely made, light can be seen, quenching the sword with the water of Tangxi, has the advantage of blowing hair and breaking hair, so it got the name.
Sword·Arc Light
Lone light sword sword body smooth, blade than the slim, sharpening the sword is often hurt by its edge and do not feel, the sword out of the light and moving, the only point of light vaguely visible, it is: "lone light swallowed column of sleep, four sides of the absolute micro cloud".
Sword·FenJing
The head of the sword is like a cloud-shaped, the handle is like a bamboo knot, gold and jade wrapped, light with the moon, its power is swift and difficult, can be divided into the sun and the landscape, the legend is that the sword worn by the Queen Mother, so named.
Sword·YuChang
Fish intestine sword blade sharp, its appearance is not ugly, the sword on the texture of coiled twists, there is like fish intestine, the sword frame is narrow, the shape of the ancient system, originally for Ouye Zi picking the bronze cast into the mountain of Chishu, Zhu had used it to assassinate the king of Wu Bureau.
Sword·Purple Cyan
The Taoists use green as the vitality and purple as the auspiciousness. The purple and blue sword has two colors, purple and blue, changeable and misleading, the blade is especially sharp, up to cut the gods, down to suppress the evil, so the purple and blue for the name, to show respect.
Sword·MoYe
According to legend, Ganjun and Mo Xie forged a sword for the king of Chu, three years before it was completed, Ganjun knew that the king of Chu would be angry and kill himself, so he hid the male sword and offered the female sword, in the hope of avenging his hatred. Mo Xie's sharpness, the water breaks the dragon, the land extinguishes the rhinoceros leather, like sweeping the water with a broom, with a stick to scratch the mud.
Sword·ChunJun
During the Spring and Autumn Period, Xue Candle was famous for his phase sword, and when he saw Mao Cao and Ju Que, he thought they were not precious swords, and when Pure Jun came out, it was as if he was defeated, and he bowed deeply down the steps. According to legend, this sword is the group of gods and Ou Yezi cast, rotten as the line of stars, huan as the release of frost, Ouzu died, although the ordinary people have dumped the city of gold, exhausted river of jade, still can not get.
Sword·Copper
The Yuan copper swords are dazzling in gold, flexible in texture, mostly cast in molds, with wide blades and rounded edges, all in one.
Sword·\nMountain Breaker
Broken mountain sword is soft and hard, durable, can open the mountain and break the stone, cut digging earth and wood, so it is called "broken mountain".
Sword·XiuBa
The Xiu Ba sword is straight, fierce, with a wooden scabbard and a bronze sheath, simple and unadorned, originally found by the Han Emperor Liu Xiu when he was in the South Mountain, and named after the word "Xiu Ba" engraved on the sword.
Sword·Hurricane
Gang Feng is about two feet long, the blade open four sides, flat stem slanting shoulder, grip handle inward curved, the wearer does not feel the strain when swinging the sword, but has a strong cold wind from the tip of the sword, can be said: "the clump of the sky a grip near, Gang Feng Zhen clothes cold".
Sword·WanRen
Wan Ren Zhan Jiao sword sword pattern mottled, the sword is strong, jade snow for the bone, ice for the soul, is said to be the western Jin Jin Jing Yang order Xu Xun to kill the evil jiao sword, placed in the box, the sound of striking up to tens of miles.
Sword·Ruby Sky
The red sky sword with seven cai beads, Jiuhua jade for decoration, thick body thin blade, firm and durable, the sword blade is particularly sharp, can cut the white snake, the original Han Gaozu Liu Bang found in the South Mountain, 12 years Fang a sharpening.
Sword·ShengXie
Victory evil blade shape curved, dull light, wielding a sword cut, can make ten nails all cut, and the sword no trace, it is said that this is Ou Yezi cast, out of the sword time like a stream of fire, the wind lifting clouds fly, can win all evil spirits.
Sword·KunWu
The ground of Kunwu Mountain is full of red gold, the color of which is like flowing fire, and it is impossible to reach the spring when digging the ground for a hundred feet. It is said that the method of making the sword was passed down from the people of Kunwu.
Sword·XuanYuan
This sword on the decision of the floating clouds, under the absolute earth discipline, change all things, nothing to be exhausted, there are astronomical ancient characters, the sun, moon and mountains, legend has it that the Yellow Emperor was originally cast in the first mountain of copper, had killed Chi You, pacified the eight parties, and then Yu got it, so called "Xuanyuan Xia Yu".
Sword·Twisted Snake
It is soft in texture and can be coiled into a circle like a snake, and it is more flexible in use as it is heavy on cutting rather than stabbing.
Sword·Finger Wrapped
"What do you mean by a hundred refining steel, turned into a winding finger soft". Around the finger soft sword texture is strong, flexible and unusual, ordinary people with a finger press, it can make it bend.
Sword·Roaming Dragon
The dragon sword sword is three feet long, the pattern is like a coiled dragon, when the sword is out of the unusual movement, the sword clanging, it is: "the clouds and the dragon, change millions of shapes".
Sword·YuXu
The Jade Void Soft Sword has a clear and beautiful shape, with a scaled and tongs tsuba, and when it is wielded, the sword is limp and dynamic, and the wielder has a sense of clarity of soul and a sense of going up to the Jade Void.
Sword·Moonlight
Remnant lamp shines the moon sword body is thin, hard texture, hide ingenuity in the clumsy, with obscure and bright, daytime looks slim and powerless, after night but can emit a shimmering light, like a remnant lamp, to light the moon.
Sword·QueXie
But the evil sword is soft and dynamic, out like a wandering dragon, color like the sun, fast can break the air, if there are demons, see it is ambushed, so the name "but evil".
Sword·Dispel Dust
Refute the dust sword sword type slim, not stained with dust, flexing like a hook, vertical like a string, water over non-stop, blood flow can not be, even if there is a little stain condensed in the sword, can also be a wipe and go.
Sword·LongYuan
According to legend, Ou Ye Zi cut into the mountain, drain its stream, and take the iron Ying in the mountain, so as to form the Seven Stars Dragon Abyss. This sword is ethereal in texture, and has an inward-looking momentum, such as climbing a high mountain, such as the abyss, with a clear light on it, which can reflect with the seven stars.
Sword·Golden Cicada
The Golden Cicada Sword is colorless and phantomless, with an ethereal light that moves like lightning and is as soft as flowing water, and is imperceptible to people when it comes out, and the person who is struck by the sword is unaware of it.
Sword·Black Light
Black jade sword body like ink, warm jade, sword type antique, beautifully carved and decorated, both killing and decorative purposes.
Sword·YinYang
Yin and Yang son mother sword sword body black, scabbard white, so the name "Yin and Yang", both can hurt the enemy, so called "son mother".
Sword·Color Dragon
The dragon color sword was originally cast by the craftsmen ordered by Emperor Ming of Han Dynasty, and the dragon pattern on it starts from the hilt, circles and twists, and ends at the head of the sword, which is still clearly visible even when it is sunk in Luo Shui.
Sword·Light Trapped
The fixed light blade angle is smooth, beautiful shape, black texture, like a shadow, dancing when the surrounding darkness, unique sword bright, seems to be able to set the light in one, so that the zhan does not flow.
Sword·Orchis
"A beautiful woman is more than a herb, and a gentleman is an orchid". The gentleman is like an orchid shaped like an orchid leaf, the intention is high and pure, the sword body is more slender than ordinary blades, beautiful form, and powerful swing.
Sword·Lightning Frost
Purple electricity clear frost crystal transparent, blade like frost and snow, vertical and horizontal dazzling Ying, purple gas dry clouds, can be said: "like thunder to collect the shock and fury, strike like the river sea condensation clear light".
Sword·FeiJingTian
Fly King Heavenly Sword quenched with clear Zhang, decorated with Wenyu, table to pass rhinoceros, light like a meteor, about four feet long, dynamic and bright, the holder of the sword, such as can "ride the flow of light, curse the flying scene", so named.
Sword·The Ultra One
As the saying goes: "The God of Heaven is precious to Taiyi". The Taiyi ruler is flat like a ruler, with no blade, no bending in life, and no obstruction in intent, so when the sword comes out, it does not meet or receive, does not cut or frame, and can hurt people with just one sword energy.
Sword·Blue Sky
Green meditation sword gold text jade suit, the sword sharp, out of the sword like a light wind, no sword shadow, through the air to scare the birds, roll the ground not dust, out of thin air a strike, there is no hit, its color as the sky of the blue pale, far away and unfathomable.
Sword·Crystal
Crystal jade sword texture clear, flowing like water, is a short sword carved from jade, the sword is sharp and fragile.
Sword·\nEmerald Feather
Emerald feather flowing pick to emerald jade for decoration, shaped like a plume, body cloaked in colorful light, glittering and lovely, the sword is more than a finger wide, out when there is a screaming jade knocking ice sound.
Sword·QiaoLingShuang
"know that there is a clear fragrance can solve the filth, more pity fine leaves Qiao Ling frost". Qiaoling cream shape like orchid leaves, quality like frost, when the sword, such as seeing frost and snow fall, seems to have a clear fragrance attack.
Sword·Implied Light
The light is clear and transparent, as light as nothing, "invisible to the eye, unaware of the transport, its touch is also oblivious, through the things and things do not feel", only a few points of light vaguely visible, hence the name.
Sword·Fairy Lady
"elegant together with frost look clean, not with snow body light". Lady ice clean clear and flawless, quality like ice and snow, out of the sword like a white crane in the clouds, clear and noble.
Sword·XiaoLian
It is said to have been one of the three swords hidden by the Emperor of Shang Dynasty.
Sword·Dragon Pool
"Xijing Fengdi leap dragon spring, good gas rest light town in the sky". Dragon pool heavenly sword to Kunshan jade for the sword, take the dragon pool water grinding and washing, the sword body scene cloud dazzling, containing light mixed vulgar, like a dragon diving, negative gas containing spirit.
Sword·Shadow
Cheng Ying Ying sword has a long-standing reputation, shadow invisible, breaking bones without sound, silk blood does not stain, only will be the day of the turn of the cool, sunset dusk when visible, it is: "gap moon oblique bright scraping dew cold, practice with a flat pavement blow not".
Sword·BaiMing
White meditation sword rhinoceros with gold suit, as the sun and the moon, the flow of light purple emptiness, dazzling true on the clear, "straight of no front, lift of no top, case of no bottom, transport of no side", where it passes, no should be front destroyed.
Sword·Wood
The long sword made of wood, except for the texture and iron sword is no different, the old officials can wear this sword when they go to court, the city children also often play with it.
Sword·Chasing Ghost
The sword is flat and straight, with a long and slender body. It is built with vermilion sand and the tsuba is engraved with the figure of warding off evil spirits, so it can expel ghosts and deter spirits and monsters.
Sword·Mottled Shadow
The sparse shadow sword is extremely light and thin, when the sword only feel the wind moving by the shadow, there is a hidden fragrance, but no sword pointing, it is: "sparse shadow horizontal water shallow, dark fragrance floating moon dusk".
Sword·Pride
Shenxiang unique pretty sword light like fat, strong fragrance, the sword is moving, like far and near, like a residual cloud collection Cuiling, sunset fog knot long sky, pretty and elegant, so named.
Sword·Demon Slayer
One side of the sword is yin, can cut the yang spirit, the other side is yang, can ambush the ghosts of the nether world, where the yang is male, the yin is female, known as "male and female, demons and evil retreat".
Sword·Ruby Cloud
Zhu Xia Dan sword color such as tansha, light texture, light Ying Xiu Che, beautiful contention hair, out of the sword when there is like a low reflection of the beautiful haze, long day evening, it is: "dry green sky and show out, Shu Dan gas and for the haze".
Sword·\nWings of Thunder
The wind and thunder flying wing sword is extremely light, full of divine energy, wielding the wind and thunder, the momentum wants to fly, as the sword has two wings, the wind and creeping scenery, nowhere to be found.
Sword·Moment
"Where the clouds with the night, the long sky snow together fly". The sword is simple in decoration, light in the hand, looks ancient and fragile, but as soon as it is sheathed, the sword will be crisscrossed, the light shines in the sky, just like the swan startled, clouds and wind.
Sword·Divine Blade
God's front clarity like autumn water, sharpness more than dry, although it is made of wood, but nothing does not work, nothing is not broken, the gods of color, five gas, it can be said: "the most precious has the nature, the essence of rigid and no companion".
Sword·Bamboo
Bamboo is soft and tough, resulting in a straight, sharpened for the sword, it becomes a green bamboo sword. This sword is light and flexible, although not the sharpness of gold and stone, but easier to manipulate.
Sword·Tangle
The four-foot wrapping sword is four feet long, exceptionally soft, and can be wrapped around the waist like a ribbon when closed, and can quickly return to its original shape after being drawn.
Sword·Void
Zi Xu, said the immortals live in the high sky and purple haze shine also. The Purple Void Sword has a violet aura, light as if empty, the holder can be straight up the Yao Tai, floating over the Tai Qing.
Sword·\nSpirit Golden Light
"The jade void without day and night, the spirit of the scene He brightly". Spiritual scene golden light sword body straight, beautifully decorated, the sword body gold light overflowing, gorgeous, like an immortal palace scenery, gorgeous very.
Sword·Dragon Form
Dragon snake sword length of one foot, God clear bone, texture vertical and horizontal, color as painted out, when the sword is moving like a snake, as fast as a dragon, it is: "sword dance as if swimming lightning, with the wind haunting and back".
Sword·Dispel Evil
The poem says: "Into the box stinging gnarled dragon, fallen hand to deter demons". The sword body and scabbard are carved from spirit wood, and the sword is like a thunderbolt when it comes out, and a dragon roars when it enters the box, so when demons see it, they will retreat.
Sword·Sky Jade
Empty blue color like clear sky, quality like jasper, by the heart should be pointed out, a god, the sword light clear, dive shooting douniu, can really be said: "the emerald curtain double volume out of a short city, the dragon sword broken box double moon bright".
Sword·Blood Sky
Blood dome sword body dark red, sharp sword blade, wielding blood color like burning, straight to the sky, as if withered bones hide hate, injustice, can make ghosts and demons lose their nerve, elves and monsters forget the shape of the grass and trees, swallowing the sound of a hundred beasts.
Sword·Destiny
It seems to be true and not true, false and not false, as if it is, if it is not, detached and sad, and the viewer often feels something in his heart, but it is difficult to declare it, as if there is love in the sword, even if the reincarnation of a thousand lives can not be forgotten.
Blade·Iron
Iron knife is cast in pig iron, the blade is flat and straight, hard texture, only a few inches long, easy to carry.
Blade·BaiYang
Bai Yang knife knife body exquisite, long only over the palm, sharp blade, handle like a poplar, Han Dynasty, there was a woman named female Hugh to stab the enemy.
Blade·Exotic
The Fanyi knife was originally made by the Fanyi for hunting wild animals, and gradually spread to the Central Plains. This knife is equipped with a blood groove in the front of the tip of the knife, the knife wind is sharp, blowing hair can be broken.
Blade·Phoenix Wings
"Pavilion phoenix wings, the sword is powerful". The phoenix wing knife is shaped like a phoenix wing, the blade is sharp, when the knife comes out abruptly and suddenly, like a luan phoenix dancing, so it got its name.
Blade·Shura
Legend has it that Asura is vicious and belligerent, and this knife is curved inward, with serrated blades, flexible, and will see blood, as cruel and vicious as Asura.
Blade·Cold Moon
Cold moon light like the full moon, hidden in the sheath can also be detected, the knife on the cold air, can make the knife broken meridians, blood frozen ice, so its appearance, although beautiful, but the world's few sharp weapons.
Ghost Butcher
"Butcher for Wen Hui Jun to untie the cattle, the knife is very little, the flesh has been solved, such as the earth to the ground. Ghost Butcher sharpness extraordinary, as if hidden, where often can eliminate the tendons and bones, the release of flesh and blood, there are ghosts and gods of power, so named.
Blade·Deform
Remnant knife shaped like the lack of moon, such as the wind and thunder, the force of the diving dragon, cut off the flying bird, when dancing only to see a trail of shadow and no knife body, often in the blood for the skin, the loss of vitality.
Blade·Dragon Slayer
The poem says: "Luan quill sometimes crippled, who can tame the nature of the dragon". Dragon chopping guillotine proficient in ghosts and gods, deep and subtle mystery, according to legend, is the sky will be used to punish disobedient evil dragon, the knife out when the wind and clouds from the birth of cold rain, is the four sea dragon king can not resist.
Blade·Simple
The Park knife has a long handle and an upturned body, which is used by soldiers and farmers and is cheaply made.
Blade·Wolftooth
Straight back wolf tooth knife knife back straight, blade with teeth, shaped like wolf teeth, solid texture, use all by a brute force to hurt the enemy, often can break people's blades.
Blade·Horse Slayer
"Chopping horse mighty prism should be swept away, cut off the sharp edge once the rising level". Chopping horse knife blade body heavy, the blade is powerful, can break the horse's foot, is the ancient military always have a sharp weapon.
Blade·MiaoZu
Miao ancestor knife blade body slender, solid texture, sharp blade, unstoppable, according to legend is the ancestor of the Miao people Chi You created, the ordinary sword is defeated, it is difficult to match.
Blade of General
The sword is said to be "famous for its strength and power". This knife blade body is wide and thick, heavy texture, the knife potential is strong, with the ability to break water and shock the mountain, it is said that the original is the new Ting Hou Zhang Fei pick Chizhu Mountain copper cast.
Blade·Thousands Kill
"Wu Da Di has a precious sword, named Hundred Refinements". Hundred refinement of a thousand beheaded is made of refined iron hundred refinement, the blade color silver-white, lines like flowing water, when first formed when the sharpness is not obvious, but it is said that each cut a person, it can increase the profit a point.
Blade·TaiShan
Tarzan treasure ring knife up and down as one, is a ring head treasure knife. The knife back is wide and thick, slashing powerful, the tip of the knife such as arc, can be stabbed, the momentum like tarzan, righteousness, can make the holder of the good fortune, not for the evil spirits.
Blade·Wild Name
"Self-laughing wild name by the world's dust, arrogant and extravagant play Ji Lun". Wild name frost sharp cold through, sound like thunder, line of God if empty, flying Taiji, it is said that can be on the sky to scare the emperor, down to cut the dragon son, the more battle more courageous, sparing wild unrestrained.
Blade·Mythic Iron
Xuan iron knife black and lightless, fierce and uncategorized, nabbed in the box, sometimes and roar, out of the knife when the sand flies stone away, a hundred soldiers tremble, the fury gallop, cut off the water and break the mountain, knife with the people turn, the momentum is like breaking bamboo, breaking armor to destroy the firm, when the person will break.
Blade·Discipline
"Now the bhikkhus have knives named 'precepts', cover the Buddha does not allow cutting all grass and trees, bad ghosts and gods village therefore. The preceptor knife is about five fingers long, the back of the knife is flat and straight, originally for monks and nuns shaving hair and cutting clothes, so the name.
Blade·Star Iron
"Suetsu knife, its method of burning raw iron essence to heavy soft collar, several nights then into rigid, so the name". This knife is a combination of raw iron, cooked iron refining, internal softness and external rigidity, sharp edge is particularly sharp.
Blade·Nine Rings
Nine rings knife blade body thick, about inch wide, the back of the knife is decorated with nine iron rings, when waving tinkling, cold light fierce and hostile, can make people tremble, horrified to flee.
Blade·GuDing
The pine pattern ancient ingot knife is strong, the texture is longitudinal, when waving the knife can be seen shaking, the pine pattern is vague, because when forging the inlay several times, the knife body texture is interlaced, as if pine tree chapped skin and named.
Blade·ShanHeFenDuan
Mountain and river parting knife body straight, cold color into the air, handle embedded gold error, quality such as Qiong Yao, its potential is majestic, the operation is convenient, there is a leaning on the clouds, parting the power of the mountains and rivers, so named.
Blade·DaXiaLongQue
The Daxia Dragon Sparrow knife was originally made by the craftsman ordered by King Helian of Xia, with the head of the ring carved with a dragon sparrow and the back of the knife engraved with a thirty-two-character inscription, such as "the ancient sharp weapon, Wu and Chu Zhanlu, Daxia Dragon Sparrow, the name of the divine capital", its quality is strong and exquisite, and there are many imitators in later times.
Blade·\nHundred Mountains
Its body is upright, like the shape of a mountain, and the blade is as dynamic as the momentum of flowing water, and the bearer has a lofty and unyielding aura when he moves the blade.
Blade·Dragon Scale
Dragon scale treasure knife staggered gold hollow ring, rhinoceros with jade suit, the tip of the blade counter-opening, invincible, when the knife is often seen only its light and no one, it is: "all colors dazzle, shine rotten dragon scales, staggered disputes, on dry clouds.
Blade·Nine Disasters
Nine er, said the knife casting difficult, need to be "calcined shape, open light, eat blood, raise the power, sharpen the courage, to the robbery, the residual body, back to the light, solve the gods" nine kinds of tribulations before it can be made, the knife pattern on it like the waves of the sea, sharpness tops the world.
Blade·Mountain Knife
This knife is more than four feet long, shaped like a simple knife, single-sided open blade, mountain people often use it to cut the vine, open the mountain to find the way, so the name "open the mountain knife".
Blade·Silver
Silver-backed scimitar back like silver, sharp blade, can easily cut through the armor, cut the skin, the knife often trauma huge pain deep, blood flowing like water.
Blade·Wild-goose
The Yan Ling knife has a long and slender body, with an upturned blade in the shape of a goose plume and a cold light like snow. This knife is long in slashing, equipped with a tsuba, regardless of horse and foot combat can be adapted, is one of the common knives nowadays.
Blade·Mandarin Duck
Yuanyang knife in beautiful form, decorated with red tape, knife open reverse edge, sheath wrapped in fine gold, knife body, knife sheath to the chain connected, the shape and shadow, like a mandarin duck, all have the ability to hurt people.
Blade·WuGou
"Zhao Ke Aman Hu tassels, Wu hook frost and snow bright". The Wu hook, with its curved blade and hook-like shape, was a sharp weapon used by the generals of Wu in the old days, and was loved by many literati and chivalrous people.
Blade·Frenzy Lion
Lion broken gold knife handle slightly curved, carved on the lion's head, the pattern like broken gold, treasure color brilliant, out of the knife when the light shines at night, the sound of transport, like the Buddhist lion roar, can make a hundred beasts terrified, evil demons subdued.
Blade·Ruby
Red knife color red like fire, exquisite and magnificent, sharp blade, gorgeous practice high, its potential ring connected, dense and impermeable, such as surging clouds, such as flying snow mountain, is the treasure of Zhou.
Blade·MingHong
Ming Hong knife knife is three feet long, it is said that the Yellow Emperor took the first mountain of copper refining, when people want to destroy this knife, it will turn into a red magpie bird, flying into the clouds, so the name.
Blade·Blood Refining
Five brilliant blood refining knife five-colored brilliant, sharp blade, about a finger thick, chopping things like empty, out of the knife when the light whistling more than, drink blood after the light three points, it is said to be the blood of the essence of the soul refining, killing, untamed.
Blade·Copper
The Yuan copper knife has a thick back and a curved blade with a ring head, which is widely used and easily available, and is used by both the Han and the barbarians.
Blade·Windlike
The wind machete has a wide and thick body, a short back and long blade, a long knife like an arm, good at slashing, because when the knife breaks the air, the wind whistles and gets its name.
Blade·Champion
Xiang Wang gold knife blade without lines, curved like a crescent moon, the four sides of the hidden like a mountain cloud, is said to be the western Chu king Xiang Yu created, when the knife out of the golden light overflowing eyes, often people are defenseless.
Blade·Thunder
Bull and tiger running thunder knife curved like rice ears, the knife wind is harsh, majestic, the head of the knife is engraved with a bull and tiger figure, when the knife seems to have Yin Yin thunder breaking the ground and come.
Blade·RuanShi
Ruan Shi knife curved back narrow blade, square mouth Hong first, both water and fire, yin and yang, its sharpness can cut hair, its hardness is not easy for a hundred generations, is the famous knife in Wei and Jin, not made of fine gold.
Blade·Ghost Head
The blue-eyed ghost head knife knife head like a ghost head, the knife body such as open blue eyes, the shape is appalling, do not dare to look. This knife seems to have a spiritual nature, the knife is extremely accurate, the knife wind is harsh, cut iron immediately broken.
Blade·Azure Dragon
Cang Long treasure knife clear sound resounding, firm as ice, swimming knife in the banner between, quenching the front in the waves of the pool, knife shadow such as electricity, unpredictable, like the dragon soaring, sweeping the world.
Blade·Rhinoceros
"Commonly known as swords and weapons sharp for rhinoceros. Rhinoceros, firm also". Nine rhinoceros knife color such as rhinoceros horn, sharpness is incomparable, its momentum is majestic, like a rhinoceros herd heavy blow, can make the water open incompatible, the whale and salamander escape the sea, so named.
Blade·Tiger Soul
As the saying goes, "the dragon can be to the clouds, the tiger can whistle the wind", the tiger blade is one, it is said to be a divine iron for the melting of the sky fire, since the flow and become, out like a hundred tigers whistling, into the time if the dragon to the sea, the sound is huge, there are back to the wind and clouds, shaking the power of heaven and earth.
Blade·Fish Head
Fish head knife blade curved back straight, pointed like a fish head, originally Shaolin monks used for self-defense, now also circulated in the world.
Blade·Violent
The knife is wrapped with a rope on the handle, chopping powerfully, not to kill for pleasure, only to wake up the evil, so the knife does not open the blade, straight and square.
Blade·Ring Head
The silver-clad ring-headed sword has a straight body and a silver sheath, and the sword is shadowless and hard to find. When Emperor Wu of Liang wanted to start an army, his minister Huanwen, although persuaded and failed, still offered the silver sword in the emperor, the emperor reported to the gold Ruyi, which shows its expensive.
Blade·Crusher
Zhen Yuan gold knife knife shape straight, about a foot long, the shape of the ancient system, cold and cold, the knife is majestic, righteousness, the holder is as stable as a mountain, majestic and difficult to commit.
Blade·Universe
This knife quality dazzling clear snow, colorful moving star, yin and yang table, blowing hair can be broken, it is "thunder to help the intention, the sun and moon down to the essence of the spirit", so the name of "Qiankun".
Blade·KunWu
"Kunwu iron smelting flying smoke, red light and purple gas are all outstanding". Kunwu knife blade is one foot long, light and soft, cut jade like mud, running handy, originally a treasure used by the West Rong, must be refined with the stone of Kunwu.
Blade·Dispel
Hundred incisive knife originally for Cao Cao to take the world's elite, ordered by the Department of made, its color is clear, glittering, can ward off bad luck, to deter malefactors, so there is an assignment said: "land cut rhinoceros leather, water broken dragon boat, light strike floating cut off, the blade does not gradually flow".
Blade·KunPengChi
"The Kun Peng water strikes three thousand miles, the group practice long drive a hundred thousand people". Kunpeng golden wing knife error gold and silver, overflowing with light, when the knife out of the sudden wind four, cloud shadow low hanging, like the Kunpeng's migration in the South Underworld, the water strikes three thousand miles, the Tuan Fu shake and up, so named.
Blade·WuWang
"No delusion, words can be sure". No delusion knife is sharp and difficult, there are real and no false, thinking will be answered, out will be fruitful, the knife does not fall short, never miss, it is: "the world thunder line, things and no delusion, the great prosperity to the right, the fate of the sky also.
Blade·Phoenix
Luan knife shaped like a dagger, the knife is decorated with bells, when the wind is loud, as if the luan bird cries, in ancient times, mostly for the slaughter of cattle and sheep, share the meat for sacrifice.
Blade·\nSpirit Treasure
Lingbao knife is about three feet long, the knife is light and thin, the knife pattern like a turtle, knife jewelry jade, bright and sharp, it is said to be created by Prince Cao Pi of Wei.
Blade·Blood Light
Blood light short blade color like tan sand, wrapped in a leather sheath, small form, light texture, when the knife is often seen only blood, no one.
Blade·\nTongue of Flame Lion
Mythical animal is one of the nine sons of the dragon, like to eat smoke and fire. Fire Geibi tongue tip narrow and long, shaped like a blaze, when wielded as if the red flames surge, the Golden Geibi spit smoke.
Blade·\nEyes of Sun-raven
Legend has it that "there is a white crows in the sun", also known as the Golden Crow. The Golden Crow's eye is so bright that it can remove evil and illuminate the gods.
Blade·HanZhang
Containing chapter with good gold for the edge, beautiful jade for the decoration, knife pattern gorgeous, a hundred refinements, glowing warm, moving with each other, it can be said: "Containing chapter quality, ice clean abyss clear".
Blade·Darkness
The obscure knife glow dull, the atmosphere of fog, sharp blade, the potential is fast and difficult to deal with, out when the wind is miserable, snow drifting, wind and rain like obscurity, without seeing the day, ordinary people touch the blood, lift the immediate death.
Blade·Seven Star
The seven-star sword is like a white rainbow, the handle is made of seven stars, the tortoise pattern is mixed, the light shoots the bull, when the sword can make the clear clouds move, the green water leap waves, the mind is clear, travel to the mysterious.
Blade·TaiYuanNiXia
Taiyuan Nixia light is like a neon dress, changing with time, Xuanzhen enlightens and glows, leaping into Taixia, the sky is exquisite, silent and silent, just like the condensed air of the heaven and earth before it is formed and the chaos is not opened.
Blade·Jade Ring
Jade ring knife with ring head, not easy to slip off, the texture is lighter than ordinary swords, the knife is flexible and free to move.
Blade·LouJing
The Leaky View Knife is carved from jade, its quality is transparent, can see the sun and shadow, waving like ripples in the sky, the sun's mane on the ground, ingenuity, unique.
Blade·Jade Hibiscus
"The hibiscus on the eagle is moving, and the frost and snow in the box are clear. This blade is like an Nymphaea, simple and natural, clear and flawless, light and quick like the wind, hence the name "Jade Hibiscus".
Blade·Green Wave
The blue wave knife blade body turquoise, the blade like a meteor, light like a clear water, go like flowing water, it is: "the spring ice eliminated the blue wave lake, the shadow of the residual haze like there is no".
Blade·Lady
The woman is in a trance and has an image, and she is invisible, with a noble intention and eminent immortal material, and she dances like a woman dividing a veil, silently.
Blade·LuMo
"Lu Mor is in service, and the mighty spirit is far from being invigorated". Lu Mor ring head straight body, as long as the beat thigh, in and out of flexible, virtual and real, is the Wei Wendi Cao Pi created the treasure knife.
Blade·Treasure Blood
"The most incomparable of majestic and ingenious, is the name of the Dragon and Elephant Self Power". Precious blood dragon elephant knife red pattern entwined, far look like blood, decorated with dragon elephant, great power is amazing.
Blade·Cyan Phoenix
Qingluan treasure knife knife light like electricity, cut gold like mud, handle like luan head, body like luan wings, out of the knife only to see the clouds and mists, the demonic atmosphere disappeared, really is: "ice cave cold dragon half box water, a pair of Shangluan by smoke up".
Blade·Frost Moon
"Light ice thin jade shape does not distinguish, a foot of cold light can determine the cloud". Sky frost white moon texture transparent, light like the full moon, out of the knife can open up the clear mystery, under the creation of the eight underworld, so that the stars and rivers a net, the sea back to flow.
Blade·Wood
Wooden knives are hard, not easy to damage, the blade is unfavorable, the victory is light, can be used for beginners to hit each other.
Blade·Fallen Swallow
The blade is long and slender, shaped like a willow leaf, with a protruding tip and a thin body, and is named because it is so powerful that it can knock down flying birds.
Blade·Flying Deer
"Deer S's run, wi foot Kiki". Flying deer curved knife shape inward curved, light texture, suddenly left and right, suddenly up and down, agile and swift, just like a flying deer.
Blade·\nRainbow Spiltter
The Rainbow Broken Knife has a five-color body, smooth shape, lacquered handle and leather sheath, which seems to be absent in the hand, and when the knife comes out, it is brilliant and graceful, just like a long rainbow opening and a new harvest.
Blade·Erosion
Blood knife spiritual light contained within, blood flow, light and incomparable, as if there is nothing, water on it and self-flow, blood stained its body can be self-transformation, so named.
Blade·\nReborn of Phoenix
"Phoenix dance eternal life song, luan song renewal cup". Phoenix bone fire cloud color red, wielding the knife as the fire cloud sweep, its carved on the shape of the phoenix bones, dance as if the spirit of the phoenix reborn.
Blade·SheYou
It is made of living wood and has a sense of leisure and freedom when wielding it, hence the name.
Blade·Victor
Baisheng knife blade body slender, the tip of the ridge gathered, shaped like a pen blade, the sheath of the knife is applied to bump gold pattern, stone green color painting, extending to the front of the swallowing mouth a few inches to stop, its sharpness is particularly sharp, with a hundred battles hundred victories of the prestige.
Blade·Cover the Sun
The sunshade knife purple with gold, pure and flawless, down the volume of the canopy, the upper broken flying snow, knife power to go like flying lightning, the spirit of a thousand changes, such as the mountains fog up, the four seas waves, covering the sky, nowhere to escape.
Blade·Bamboo
Green Bamboo Knife is made by splitting green bamboo from it and making it through the process of killing and resulting system, which is not as tough as gold and stone but can be tough but not broken.
Blade·Mercy
To pluck suffering and happiness is compassion. The knife of compassion is soft and does not have an open edge, so it is often used only for disciplinary purposes and does not easily hurt people's lives.
Blade·Four Phases
The four elephant knife is hard and sharp, cutting the skin of mackerel like cutting taro, and the handle of the knife is engraved with four elephant patterns of Vermilion Bird, Xuanwu, Qinglong and Baihu, which is said to be able to boost morale and make people invincible in battle.
Blade·Cyan Calf
Green calf knife color pale black, the knife body curved, shaped like a green cow one-horn, so named. Its quality seems to be soft and solid, chopping iron that is broken, can be said to be the hao qing ying, fierce and difficult.
Blade·Seven Sever
The Seven Perfect Sons and Mothers Knife has a slender body, a curved blade shape, a variety of changes, and a variety of flexibilities, and is called "mother" when sheathed and "son" when sheathed, and is known as "within seven steps, there is no enemy.
Blade·Divine Wood
The unique texture of the ward off the evil divine wood knife, with the decay of the grinding, it will produce smoke and flame, gold and stone hit, the fire light flow up, can make the holder of the knife to calm the mind, a thousand evil can not destroy its simple, ten thousand things can not cause its confusion.
Blade·Divine
The magical arts are ingenious and seemingly non-human, and the holder has divine assistance, and is able to move the chips like a tiger or a chi dragon, with the momentum of "Gu refers to the total wind and clouds, and looks back and the mountains are cut flat".
Blade·\nDemon Vanquisher
Taiyi Voodoo knife straight handle curved blade, purple gas through the void, the pole candle six, the righteousness is vast, it is said to be the East Emperor Taichi gave the treasure, can make all beings free from evil obstacles, not for the devil invasion.
Blade·Fate
This knife has beautiful patterns, colorful, solid and indestructible, powerful, life in ten directions, old age, sickness and death, but the same path, all in this one knife, so it is called "ten different paths".
Polearm·Iron Pole
Iron stretcher shaped like "a" character, rather like a stretcher, heavy and durable, both to carry goods, can also be used as a weapon.
Polearm·Iron Staff
Hun iron rod cast from pure iron, its color gray-black, slightly turbid, heavy texture, simple shape, ordinary people difficult to use freely.
Polearm·Longmace
Wolf tooth whistle stick stick head spikes dense, shaped like a wolf's teeth, look horrible, when hitting quite powerful, more can pierce iron armor.
Polearm·Steel
The head of the four-pronged point steel stick is made of fine steel, its upper prongs are divided into four channels, pointing, cutting, lifting, rolling can hurt people, strong texture, not easy to damage.
Polearm·Dragon Vanquisher
Dragon stick handle thick tip thin, stick head three prongs, powerful, destructive, the holder can cross the river and sea, subdue the dragon.
Polearm·Nine Twist
Nine curved dragon stick stick body curved, the stick has a natural formation of the nine dragon pattern, when dancing like a dragon climbing the sky and mountains, swim in the void and gallop mysterious, come and go with the heart, incomparable flexibility.
Polearm·YingYang
This stick is narrow at the top and wide at the bottom, round at the bottom and thin at the head, extremely tough at one end, extremely tough at one end, soft but not weak at the tough end, rigid but not broken at the firm end, and the two are different and complementary, so it is called "yin and yang divine iron stick".
Polearm·Sky Fixer
As the saying goes: "The years do not live, the time is like a stream, the dead are like this, there is no turning back". The fixed dome is about ten feet long, and when it is danced, it is as if it can fill the sky and the earth, and it looks as if the sun and the moon do not move, and the stars do not move, which can be said to have a vast momentum and transcend the Sumeru.
Polearm·Mysterious Iron
Hunyuan Xuan iron rod abyss black no light, no decoration, seemingly ordinary, but can water and fire without invasion, gold and jade is not destroyed, moving then heaven and earth overturned, the wind and clouds change color, it is: "God's way of nature, Chongzheng not false, endowed with qi transport real, no evil filth".
Polearm·Iron Spear
"Wang Yu raises the division and repairs my goshawk". Hun iron gun tip sharp, the gun body is strong, is evolved from the ancient time of the goshawk, but because it is built of raw iron, so it is easier to wear.
Polearm·Leaf Spear
The gun body is long and slender, the gun head is sharp, because the shape is like a reed leaf and named. The tip of this gun is often plated with silver to prevent rusting, and when the gun comes out, the silver light shines brightly and is very beautiful.
Polearm·Pen Spear
Tai Ning pen gun was originally offered by the side minister, because the tip of the gun like a pen, so called pen gun. Its blade is equipped with a sharp edge iron plate under several inches, when the enemy wants to seize the gun, it is often injured by this object.
Polearm·Armor Breaker
Guanjia tri-tip gun blade shape like "mountain", before sharp after slanting, gun head on broad, in the ridge protruding, into the hand slightly heavy, but the gun forceful, can wear iron armor.
Polearm·Snake Spear
The zhangbai snake spear is one zhang eight feet long, shaped like a horse lance, the spear head is bent, the blade is open at both ends, the sharpness is difficult to be, quite favored by the brave general in ancient times. Legend has it that Zhang Fei had made this spear to take the enemy's head among ten thousand troops.
Polearm·Golden Tiger
The tiger head Zhanjin gun front end to close the front, the texture is strong, swallowing the blade in the shape of a tiger's head, smashing more powerful, its color is gold red, its sharp edge, it is said to have been Ma Chao, Qin Qiong and other great generals of the beloved thing.
Polearm·\nDarkcyan Dragon
The green green coiled dragon gun is sunken and nearly black, and the piercing is powerful, and the gun body has a golden line dragon pattern, which is powerful and dazzling, when dancing like a dragon leaping, the electricity sweeps the wind line, it seems to be able to "move the star and land with fire, and rise the clouds out of the Ding Lake".
Polearm·Warload
Overlord gun is about six feet long, shaped like a divine dragon, to rigid to strong, sharp and incomparable, it is said to be the western Chu king Xiang Yu command of the Central Plains, so that the vassals subservient when the gun, non-brave and robust, the person who swallowed the mountains and rivers is difficult to master.
Polearm·Champion
Ten thousand enemies are powerful and heavy, breaking the air like thunder, cold, invulnerable, wielding like the wind swept clouds, Tarzan crushed the top, there are sweeping thousands of troops, ten thousand unbeatable potential.
Polearm·Copper
Yuan copper staff is cast in brass, heavy texture, point sweep powerful, not afraid to break the shape of change, is one of the common long weapons.
Polearm·Guardian
There are four cobalt and twelve rings in the protective meditation staff, symbolizing the practice of the four meditations and the use of recitation of the twelve karmas, which can protect the Buddha's teachings and deter outsiders.
Polearm·Mourners
Funeral staff staff hanging skeleton, white bones, seems to have an evil spirit, most people do not want to use, thought to cause disaster, so the name.
Polearm·\nTiger Vanquisher
Fuhu staff is hard, the blade is open at both ends, heavy going, unusual courage, can make the birds fly, the wolves fear, Fuhu to remove the devil, no one does not bow.
Polearm·Red Ghost
Red ghost staff staff carved red ghost head, blood mouth wide open, hideous appearance, shadow such as fire, fierce and horrible, not strong-minded people often look forward to flee, without fighting and defeat.
Polearm·\nMountain Shaken
Zhen Yue Shan He staff kui horn thunder pattern, light and dark interlaced, heavy texture, to attack for defense, strong wind like a knife, swept like a cloud, force shake the mountains, swallowing rivers.
Polearm·Sky Breaker
The staff is hollow, strong and rigid, the upper and lower part of the staff is one, and it can be used in all directions, wielding it like an arm, with a majestic momentum, such as the momentum of pulling up the mountains and the sea, the sky and the earth.
Divine Staff of\nOcean Carry
The staff of the gods of the sea is lustrous, heavy and strong, with a strong air that can swallow the sea, which can be described as: "Ming Ming is underneath, He is above, and there is no overturning, and I have no boundaries.
Polearm·Dragon Jail
Prisoners of the dragon pillar mis-colored openwork gold, decorated with flamboyant, the nine golden dragons on the plate, as vivid, waving when the wind in the four fields, clouds and fog, sowing the dust, unpredictable, seems to have the power to imprison the dragon transport immortal.
Polearm·Sabertooth
The tiger tooth gun is named after the tiger tooth-shaped spikes attached to both sides of the gun blade, and there are iron bones under the blade, which is quite powerful when smashing.
Polearm·\nWild-goose Wing
Goose wing gun is made of cooked iron, the gun head on both sides of the barb shaped like a goose wing, the butt end of the gun like a spear, both to increase the power when hitting, but also to stand on the ground.
Polearm·\nPear Flower Spear
Phoenix beak pear gun blade under the barb shaped like a phoenix beak, slightly like the iron go, the gun is equipped with iron pipe, gunpowder, iron sand and other things can be ejected, when the outbreak is like pear into the sea.
Polearm·Golden Spark
The shape and weight of the gun are just right, the gun holder is in harmony with the inside and outside, the heart and hands correspond, when wielding only see the gun body black, the gun head pure gold, as if a piece of gold mane from the pole spitting out.
Polearm·Five Flowers
Five flowers Tilu gun body black, texture interlocking, firm texture, sharp can penetrate the armor, the holder of the balance of the positive flat, dwelling heavy and light, but strange soldiers in front of the battle, cut the enemy chief on the horse.
Polearm·Dragon Guts
Gentian gun is one zhang six feet long, glowing like silver, hard texture, even after a thousand times chopping, can also be sharp as new, it is said that the Shu general Zhao Zilong had with this gun seven into the enemy formation without losing a cent.
Polearm·Eight Treasure
Eight treasure Fangtian halberd gun body painting color, gun head such as "well", can stab can pick, can hit can hack, strange light and color, five colors, such as roar tiger, to a hundred.
Polearm·Leach Spring
"The sword becomes the dry general sharp, the gun sweeps the leach spring cold". The leach spring gun blade ice clear, winding like a snake, next to open small branches, shaped like hanging moon, because the casting of the beginning of very difficult, had exhausted a spring of water and got the name.
Polearm·Divine Light
The four seas of divine light flowing in clear light, the potential can be overwhelming clouds, its dragon soaring phoenix leap, carrying forward the stars, wielding when the grasp of the universe, pushing the eight wilderness, can make the four seas tumbling, Kyushu shaking.
Polearm·Stone Ruler
The five stone ruler is straight and square, like a sword without a sharp edge, suppressed but not scratch, sharp but not harmful, warm and zephyr, can be called a gentleman.
Polearm·Gem Staff
Gemstone stick stick body round, decorated with gorgeous, embedded with various colors of gemstones, when waving brilliant light, can mess up the eyes.
Polearm·Firefly
The firefly stick is decorated with beautiful jade, green glow like fire, and also bright in the night, when waved just like "a little light divided between the grass firefly", light and sporty, flickering.
Polearm·Sky River
The Tianhe stick shines brightly, staggered, as if it were a river in the sky, and the view is not tired, precisely: "Even if it is covered by a slight cloud, it can always be clear. Containing stars moving double queue, accompanied by the moon shining border city".
Polearm·Skyscraper
"Jade staff with green fur and jade, the sun is over the green sky". Mo Tian stick up and down as one, the form is extremely long, the texture is extremely strong, when wielding the stick is common shadow cover the sun, such as can Mo Tian.
Polearm·Golden-eyed Tiger
Golden eye Xuanhu stick luster fine, solid texture, into the unstoppable, speed can not be reached, its texture is natural, like a fierce tiger, and set with many dazzling stones, bright as the tiger's eyes.
Polearm·Zen Pillar
The wide and spacious pillars of the Zen platform are simple and rock-solid, which are like pillars of the Dharma altar and the Sumeru throne, which can subdue the foreigners and guard the righteousness of the Dharma, as well as break the distracting thoughts and strengthen the faith.
Polearm·\nUnicorn Dragon
One-horned yellow dragon stick body like a dragon, one end has a dragon horn, hair like the autumn wind, as fast as a horrible dragon, God out of the ghost line, the star shines Xuan by, if from the ground out, if from the world, out of the only into, no one can resist.
Polearm·Divine Ruler
It is said to be able to see through people's hearts and minds, and to see the microscopic, virtuous and subtle, and not far from being thorough.
Polearm·Water Jade
Water jade staff ends inlaid with water jade, transparent texture, light but not soft, when waving waves of light shimmering, very beautiful.
Polearm·Emerald Chain
The stick of the Daintree Lianzhu stick is dotted with emerald color and connected by three rings at its head, so when using it, a long stick is needed to drive two short sticks, just like a chain yoke.
Polearm·Animal pattern
The beast button jade staff is shaped like a fulao, with a delicate glow and a beast's head engraved on the head of the staff, and when wielding it, it hunts the wind and can be used as a walking aid as well as a weapon.
Polearm·The Best
The first-class staff is pure and flawless, and the staff is often decorated with gold, precious stones, etc. In ancient times, the emperor often gave this staff to a highly respected old man as a sign of preferential treatment.
Polearm·Holy Elephant
The statue of Buddha at the head of the staff makes the seal of fearlessness with one hand and the seal of aspiration with the other, symbolizing the Buddha's compassion and ability to make all beings free from fear and complete their wishes.
Polearm·Kirin
The head of the staff is carved with the horn of a lion, and the body of the staff has a hidden tortoise pattern, which dances like a luan lifting a lion, a phoenix flying a dragon, moving in the invisible, out of the unexpected, fluttering, do not know where to stop.
Polearm·PengLai
Penglai ruler shape like coral, quality like jasper, light like a pearl, color with the ice and snow, free from the eight extremes, condensing scenery three clear, cloudy and foggy, four times incessant, really like Penglai immortal treasure, even sent to earth.
Polearm·Divine Tree
It is like a glass, like a treasure tree, not dirty, not pure, not increasing, not decreasing, gathered like gold and stone, scattered like quicksand, so that the viewer can see the Sumeru from the mustard seed, know that the birth and death have been destroyed, silence is happiness.
Polearm·Immortal
The immortal staff is bright and shining, like human breathing, often self-sounding, like human speech, strange form, as if used by immortals, mortals holding it, can open spiritual wisdom, know all kinds of subtle and mysterious reason.
Polearm·Fire Stick
Twigs cut into short sticks, natural form, the stick head charred black, the people often poke fire with it, hence the name.
Polearm·QiMei
The round stick formed by cutting and polishing the wood is named because when it stands on the ground, the height is flush with the eyebrows, and the usage is similar to that of a gun, but the stick does not have a tip, so it is not easy to hurt people.
Polearm·Five Elements
Water and fire five elements stick one end is black, like water, one end is red, like fire, pure and undecorated, all in one, the strength is thick, secretly five elements, is the old time magistrates used weapons.
Polearm·Multi-section
This stick is a long and two short three sections of wooden sticks connected by a circle, its quality is light, dance like flying, use as a general long stick, so called the connecting beads flying stick.
Polearm·Rainbow Whisk
Sweeping the stick light texture, open and close quickly, both offensive and defensive, unpredictable traces, the body of the stick hidden through the haze, when swept like a cloud of sunshine, scattered into a beautiful.
Polearm·Fury
The stick has a different shape at the beginning and the end, and the body of the stick has two colors. The stick is carved with an evil ghost that seems to devour people, and when it is danced, the sound is like a ghost's roar, and it is fierce, as if it has gathered all kinds of evil thoughts and can make people fall into ignorance forever.
Polearm·Insane
The red tip of the crazy stick is short and flexible, light and unusual, when wielding the speed of lightning, difficult to manage, seemingly without rules and regulations, like crazy, but can make the person not die both injured.
Polearm·Divine Shadow
The God's Shadow Bagua Baton walks in eight directions, rigid and flexible, when waving seems to have countless phantom, the holder can respond to the hand, the hand can respond to the stick, both short and long, virtual and real all sharp, unpredictable, divine infinite.
Polearm·Dharma
Dharma staff is simple and natural, not decorated, the light is internal, such as a divine power, it is said to be the Dharma ancestors passed down, can make the holder protect the true nature, away from the color, walking on the wind and snow, leaning staff out of the spring.
Polearm·Penance
The ascetic staffs are made from local materials and are of different shapes, mostly used by ascetics when walking in the wild, and can be made by cutting down branches and polishing them slightly.
Polearm·Arhat
The staff of Luohan is engraved with the image of Luohan at the head, which is often used by traveling monks to drive away insects and snakes and to practice meditation, and can also be used to hang the staff when stopping at the temple.
Polearm·Discipline
The scepter is rounded and bladeless, not to kill, symbolizing the Buddhist disciples' "practice of kindness and compassion, not to kill, and to focus on purity".
Polearm·Extinguish
It is also known as the "dumbing down" staff. The cobalt shape of the Zen staff is like a cloud, and the texture is hard, which can make the person in it dazed and confused, and no longer troubled.
Polearm·World
Take the wood to make a round stick, wrapped with branches, covered with lacquer, although the texture is slightly rough, but tough and strong, to the eight wilderness are available, then become the eight wilderness staff.
Polearm·Dragon Flee
The dragon staff is shaped like a dragon, like a dragon diving, should be sensitive to the enemy, launch will be urgent, like a thunderbolt, as fast as the wind and rain, in and out of the flexing and stretching, no end in sight, not see its hair, suddenly has arrived.
Polearm·Maha
The Mahabharata is the great, and the meaning is the true meaning. The sound of the Mahabharata is clear and crisp, and it is like a Sanskrit song, which can purify the heart.
Polearm·\nMahakala Buddha
Black sky pontoon black in green, shaped like a pagoda, the head of the staff is like a blazing flame, cloud pestle, engraved with the black sky angry phase, can punish the evil, repel the demons, eat ignorance, subdue worries.
Polearm·\nPillar of Immortal
The Pangu pillar is round in shape, about eyebrows high, its momentum is fast, its path is natural, the upper can ride the clouds, the lower can suppress the sea, just like Pangu support the heaven and earth, separate the heaven and earth.
Polearm·\nSnake Commander
Snake repellent stick stick body angular, the tip of the stick sharp angle like a knife, the people walking in the mountains and wilderness, often with this object to drive away long snakes.
Polearm·Dust Whisk
Most of the dust-sweeping sticks are made of rattan branches, light in texture, and can often roll up the breeze, sweeping away the dust, without being stained by dirt.
Polearm·Softness
The soft stick is flexible, can be bent and straight again, when dancing, the stick has a residual shadow, moves with the wind, because the stick body is carved with delicate patterns and named.
Polearm·Snake Staff
The seven knotted snake stick has seven sections, the spirit of the snake coiled, when waving like a long snake spitting letters, faintly heard hissing, but also can be snake teeth to hurt the enemy, so that people avoid it.
Polearm·Spiritual Ape
"wu gorge pale smoke and rain, clear ape cry in the highest branch". The ape stick is light, quick and handy, and it is like riding the wind and holding the clouds, and it comes out suddenly, and it really has the posture of "the ape climbs high woods, overtaking if flying snow".
Polearm·Cyan Ghost
Green-eyed ghost head staff bent, because the staff head engraved with a green-eyed ghost head and named. This object is bizarre in appearance, hideous, seems to be able to shock the mind, making it difficult to detect its traces.
Polearm·Deer Head
Linglong deer head stick is agile and swift, exquisite and lovely, the head of the stick is forked, shaped like antlers, when dancing the wind sound incessantly, when winding can block the enemy blade, really like a deer running, gold scales play pool.
Polearm·Destiny
The Tianji stick shines brightly, the quality is as pure as jade, when striking out the move is not false, in a trance with a spirit, when dancing light and quick, water does not splash, as if it knows the sky.
Polearm·Heart Lamp
Purple bamboo heart lamp into the hand like glaze, the staff body slightly curved, is made of nine curved purple bamboo, it is said that the purple bamboo can see human feelings, so the staff can also be united with the human heart, the human heart into a hundred shapes, good and evil.
Polearm·Bamboo
"The bamboo cane is lighter than a horse, and a straw of smoke and rain can be used for a peaceful life. Green bamboo staff is flexible and smooth, with distinctive bamboo joints, which can be used as a walking stick as well as for self-defense.
Polearm·Buddha Worship
The staff of Buddha's salutation is divided into cobalt, decorated with rings on the cobalt, can shake the sound of action, originally used by Buddhist bhikkhus for the transformation, defense, because it can "manifest the holy wisdom, the line of merit and virtue" and named.
Polearm·Mist
Flying smoke staff is lightweight, flexible, come like mist, go like flying smoke, hold the non-strong, come infinite, want to return to endless, walking clouds even wind.
Polearm·Zen
The staff of Tzu-hang meditation is wonderfully created in nature, and its light shines universally, which can make those who are in it get rid of their foolishness, forget their attachment, get rid of their colorful bodies, and cross the sea of suffering early, so it can be said: "Break the foolishness and seek the sword of wisdom, help the suffering and get the Tzu-hang.
Polearm·Bodhi
"Bodhi is the name of the path of all Buddhas". The Bodhi staff is rough in texture, shaped like a branch of the Bodhi tree, with a long and slender body, and although it looks soft, it is difficult to break, so that the bearer will not have evil thoughts and will not be obsessed.
Polearm·Dragon Diving
The submerged dragon staff winding circles, the momentum of the blue clouds, swimming shape in the void, the wind and rain can be sheltered, gas like floating wind, hitting the enemy like thunder, just like the "submerged dragon coiled abyss, imperishable soaring sex".
Polearm·Heaven
The Pure Land is free from any ornaments, the light is self-generated, the Dharma is subtle, the supreme is profound, the holder can make the body and mind pure, the color is not taken, it is: "the nature of Maitreya follows the embodiment, only the mind Pure Land is never far away.
Polearm·Ten Realms
The Buddha said that there are ten realms of hell, evil spirits, animals, shuras, human beings, heaven, sound heard, karma, bodhisattvas, and Buddha in the three worlds and six paths. This staff is decorated with the ten realms and can respond to the enemy with the power of different realms, so it is called "the staff of ten realms".
Polearm·Creation
According to legend, Earth Store Bodhisattva once made a grand vow, "If hell is not empty, I will not become a Buddha". The staff is engraved with the treasure face of the Earth Store, which is able to transform all sentient beings in the world with supreme wish power, so that they can be free from suffering and happiness.
Zither·Iron
The iron zither is cast in pig iron, although its texture is heavy and inflexible, its sound is thick and unique.
Zither·Exile
The smooth body of the zither and the exciting sound of the zither have the spirit of the long lance and the courage to serve death, which can make the hearer's blood boil and forget death.
Zither·Roc Wing
Shaped like a roc with its wings spread, the roc- wing zither has a high-pitched sound and a heavy texture, which can be used as a musical instrument as well as a temporary weapon in times of crisis.
Zither·Mountain
It is as straight as a mountain, and the sound of the instrument is calm and majestic, with the sound of a yellow bell and a great lute, "like a mountain, like a fountain, like a hill, like a tomb", and the wind and rain do not move, but the spirit is born.
Zither·\nLyre of Iron-gate
The seven-stringed iron latch is made of pure gold and steel wire, with a high-pitched, murderous sound, a white rainbow through the sun, a cold wind soughing up the momentum, but also the power of a million corpses, bleeding sculls.
Zither·Dragon Pillow
"The breeze is high day and night, and the clouds are not. The old dragon is a thousand years old, and its scales have been cultivated since the beginning. The old dragon pillow has a strong sound and a strong intention, just like a dragon lying in the water, waiting for the time to lift, so it got its name.
Zither·Despair
Eight wilderness, that is, the eight wildernesses suddenly very far away from the land. The eight desolate sound of ancient clumsy slaughter, the hearers such as seeing the north wind blowing snow, the scene of ten thousand horses, such as the white bones exposed in the field, a thousand miles without a chicken in chaos.
Zither·Guardian
It is said that the evil-doers will enter the infernal hell after death and suffer eternal suffering, and will not be freed without transcendence. The black mist and ghostly aura of the prison monument are like the boundary monument of the hell; its sound is like the sound of the Buddha's trumpet, which can make the wise repent of their past mistakes and the fools fear.
Zither·\nLady of Mystery
Xuan Fei is the alias of the Xuan Nui of the Nine Heavens. It is said that the Xuan Fei is "the spirit of heaven and earth, the aura of yin and yang, knows the feelings of all things, and understands the shape of all changes", and the Xuan Fei zither is transmitted by the Xuan Fei.
Zither·Yellow Spot
The yellow-spotted zither is smooth and has a resounding sound. It is made of cast gold and iron and is named after the yellow spots on it, which resemble broken gold.
Zither·Cold Moon
When the ancient hermits saw the moon hanging high up in the sky, they saw the moonlight and heard the sound of the zither, and often felt the emotions of the people and played the zither.
Zither·Mirror Shadow
According to the legend, King Bin sympathized with a luan bird, which did not sing for three years, but only after seeing its reflection in the mirror, it sang in the sky and died. The body of the mirror is as clear as a mirror, so a gentleman can use it as a guide to be cautious and save himself, but a villain is often too concerned to look at it.
Zither·\nCinerary Casket
It is said that this instrument is made from dead wood. This instrument is taken from the dead wood of the defeated coffin, the sound is very strong and straight, or said: "the human world is impermanent, the moment of life and death", with the body of the dead wood, playing the dead instrument, can be said to be the thing I forget.
Zither·Ghost Pot
It is named after its unpredictable sound and its body like a pot. The sound of the instrument is so unpredictable that the small strings are like whispers, while the large strings are noisy like the rapid rain.
Zither·RuYi
It is made of eight precious ashes and a beautiful jade emblem, with all five colors and all eight sounds. The sound of the instrument is as round as the will, and follows the drums, just like the son of Zhou who is the king of the world, so it is called the Heavenly King Ruyi.
Zither·\nSnow Golden Scale
The golden lyre is golden in color, and its pattern resembles a lyre, and it is decorated with broken silver on the surface, so it looks like snow falling on top of golden scales. The sound of the instrument is very clear and transparent, and it is not comparable to the ordinary yaoqin.
Zither·Raksasa
According to legend, the Ten Rakshasasas are the ten Rakshasasas who guard the Dharma and protect the Lotus Sutra. This zither is painted with the statues of the ten rakshasasas, and the sound of the zither is like a drum when it is low and thunder when it is high, as if the rakshasasas were present in person.
Zither·Chief
It is a "golden kui tai dou", meaning "golden kui, tai dou in the zither". When the player forgets to play it, the sound can scare the birds and shake the palace, so people do not dare to concentrate on it and drum with their full strength.
Zither·Dark Emblem
The Wu Hui zither is made of onyx as the emblem and jade as the body. The sound of the zither is gentle and elegant, the shape is simple and calm, and it has the strength of both gold and wood.
Zither·Spring Thunder
The spring thunder zither is black in color, and its neck and waist are decorated with flowing water waves, and its sound is majestic and its rhythm is smooth.
Zither·Lyre
Legend has it that Shun set the zither to five strings, and King Wen and King Wu of Zhou each added one string, making it "Wenwu Seven Strings". It has a square bottom and a round face, and is three feet six inches and five minutes long. It has the image of a circle in the sky and the number of 360 days in a year.
Zither·Broken Night
"The sea sun is born in the waning night, the river spring into the old year". The sound of the lingering night zither is strong and mellow, hiding a hint of life in the midst of a withered meaning, just like the cold night will end but not yet, when the sun will rise but not yet.
Zither·Ghost Eye
The five-stringed zither with ghost eyes is like a thur and no pillar, the body of the zither is shiny and confused, and there are white lines across it, just like human eyes, so it got its name. The sound of this instrument is treacherous, only good drummers can manage.
Zither·Linger
During the Spring and Autumn Period, Huayuan, a native of Song, offered his zither to King Zhuang of Chu. The sound of the zither was so beautiful that the king did not listen to the court for seven days.
Zither·QingJiao
"Su box open cold jade, the dragon out of the autumn water. When it is late at night, I am afraid that it will rise by thunder and fog". According to legend, the Qinghuang was originally used by the Yellow Emperor, its sound is like thunder, thick and incomparable, those who do not know music theory if the drums, will be injured by the sound of the instrument.
Zither·Illusion
Its sound is as crisp as human speech, as low as animal speech, as clear as mist, as flowing as ice spring, which can be said: "This song should only be found in the sky, which can be heard a few times on earth".
Zither·\nPhoenix Courtship
"The phoenix flies and soars, and seeks the phoenix in the four seas". The sound is like the sound of a phoenix, majestic like a bell, resounding like a golden chime, short like a capricorn drum, and melodious like a breeze, winding around the beam for three days, with endless after-tone.
Zither·Crystal
The crystal jade yaoqin, with its transparent texture, can be used as a musical instrument as well as a decoration for your home.
Zither·Jade Echo
The jade body and ice strings of the qiong rong zither are used for the sound of the instrument, which is very versatile.
Zither·Moon Fairy
"The laurel does not know the hatred of shaking down, and the Su'e should believe in the sorrow of parting". The body, the emblem and the square of the Su'e zither are in one color, and the sound is clear and cold, as if coming from the Toad Palace.
Zither·Jade Pot
"Straight as a vermilion silk rope, clear as a jade pot of ice". The body of the jade pot qin is as clear as frost, symbolizing the noble character of a gentleman, and its sound is melodious, just and soft, and can clear the mind by stroking it.
Zither·Sky Light
Wang Moji's poem says: "The sky is white in the cold night, the sea is pure and the moon is true". The luster and warmth of the afterglow of the sky is like the blue sky, and its sound is neutral and calm, which can make the hearer's mind empty and clear, just like soaring in the blue sky.
Zither·Ring Bell
According to legend, the bell zither was originally used by the nameless orphans taken in by the Duke of Qi Huan in the country, its sound is majestic, generous and mournful, the Duke of Huan had ordered people to play this zither in front of the three armies, and to blow the horn and, when the soldiers heard it, they all served.
Zither·Exquisite Jade
"Tree shadows slant into the eaves, the wind moves the exquisite crystal foil". Jade linglong has a gentle tone, and the linglong is crisp and clear, like the new smoke of Qingming, the piccolo of a shepherd boy, and like the bright moon of Guanshan and the autumn rain of Emei, the after-tone is refreshing, and no sound is better than a sound.
Zither·Frozen Jade
The cold jade zither is surrounded by cold air, and if the sound of the zither is stimulated, it becomes more and more cold; its sound is silent and distant, such as from the immortal palace, and the hearer only feels that he is all alone, his shadow is hanging, his life is like a dream, and who knows him. It can be said: "Born with an art that is even more incomparable, a few bright and mysterious sound is wonderfully fascinating".
Zither·Horror
The poem reads, "The hair is cold and the spring is quiet, and the gods are horrified by the jade light sinking. When under the smoke and moon, I heard the night dragon chanting". It is said that this instrument was originally created by an immortal, but Zhang Hu of Tang Dynasty got it by chance, and it has been handed down in the world since then.
Zither·\nHundred Collections
The Bacchanal was first created in the Tang Dynasty and was named after the many pieces of wood that are glued together to form the top. The method of "Bailian" requires the combination of wood properties, not random splicing, so as to obtain a clear sound and not easily deformed yaoqin.
Zither·Visitor
The Tieqin is made of antler frost and gold powder, and is ink-colored throughout.
Zither·Perfume
The Ranxiang five-stringed zither is made of a special wood, with a clear fragrance and a crisp sound. The instrument is made of a special wood with a clear fragrance and a crisp sound. The instrument is made of only five strings, following the style of the ancients, so the style and playing technique are slightly different from that of the seven-stringed instrument.
Zither·Dragon Whisper
The body of the instrument is like water waves, its sound is simple and long, and it is like listening to a mountain swallow, like listening to a dragon chanting in the sea, in a trance without me, enchanted.
Zither·Ancient Voices
The sound of the ancient legacy of the goose feet at the tip of the convex like a tooth, the dragon pool at the rounded like the moon, its sound is long and distant, such as from the ancient times, often makes the hearer's heart charmed, give rise to feelings of nostalgia and remembrance of the past.
Zither·Burn
In the Eastern Han Dynasty, when Cai Yong was living in Wu Hui, he saved a piece of jiao tung with a beautiful sound from a fire and used it as a zither. Later generations of qin masters followed Cai Yong's story to find a good wood, so they used its name.
Zither·Phoenix
According to legend, a phoenix was heard in Qishan during the rise of Zhou. The phoenix zither is engraved with a luan and phoenix, and its sound is clear and mellow, elegant and unpretentious, which was an important instrument used by music officials in ancient times to calibrate the five tones and educate the people.
Zither·Sublimation
Xie Fan is made of carefully selected materials, and its spirituality is born. Its shape is elegant and beautiful, pleasing to the eye; its sound is clear and lofty, like coming from the sky, which can make the hearer's mortal mind go away and have the feeling of "transcending the sky, free from Taiji".
Zither·FuXi
Legend has it that Fuxi saw the suffering of the people and wanted to entertain them with music, and he also saw that the people wanted to guide them with music, so he personally chopped the sacred wood and made the Fuxi zither. This instrument has a jaw like a mountain and strings like water; it has a pan-tone like the sky, a scattered tone like the earth, and a legal person according to the sound, symbolizing the harmony between heaven and man, and the people were thus taught music.
Zither·River
"The song of the clear stream, the shade of the blue pine, the emotion of the nature, the wonderful is not to find". The sound of this instrument is as clear and transparent as the flowing water in the mountains, so the literati and elegant people love it, so the name "Qingjian" was given to it.
Zither·Autumn
The qiu xiao zither is made of old wood from the deep mountains, the sound of this zither is clear and bright, and the intention is not group, as solemn as the autumn breeze, Xiao Xiao like autumn leaves, although slightly lonely, but also has a special flavor.
Zither·Python
The snake-bellied Chinese zither has a broken pattern across the surface of the zither, and the sections are similar, just like the belly of a snake. Its sound is solid and long, and its shape is simple and elegant, so the world loves it, so there is a saying that "porcelain looks at Gao Yao, and the zither takes the snake's belly".
Zither·Springs Echo
It is said that the sound of the zither was created by Li Mian of Tang Dynasty, which is like a gushing spring. This instrument is made like a hundred-line zither, with a snail shell as the emblem, and the strings can be used continuously for ten years.
Zither·Loneliness
The sound of this instrument is very clear and elegant: "The gorge welcomes the autumn, the cold river marks the moon, all the music is long, and the lonely tung is soughing".
Zither·Green
The green body is straight, wide in front and narrow at the back, with a green panel that seems to be entwined with vines, and its sound is so subtle that it is the same as the one used by Sima Xiangru, the rhetorician of the Western Han Dynasty.
Zither·Sky Pendant
It is said to have been created by Lei Wei, a famous zither builder in the Tang Dynasty, with a broad and clear sound, which can be considered as a rare and immortal product.
Zither·Absolutely
In the old days, King Zhong Yi of Qian sent an envoy to look for a good qin. When the envoy arrived at the Tiantai Temple, he heard the sound of the waterfall stopping outside the curtain, so he knew that the rafters were good materials and took the one facing the sun to make a qin, which eventually became a treasure for generations and was called "Qing Jie". The sound of the instrument is so clear and smooth that it is unparalleled in the world.
Zither·Silence
As the saying goes, "the elephant is invisible, the sound of the great sound". The sound of the sound of the sound of the world is unparalleled, it is difficult to describe, the hearer or a clear mind, like a feathered immortal; or fierce, straight want to carry the sword to serve the country; or happy and unrestrained, such as seeing the heart of the person ...... and so on and so forth, so the sound of the sound of the original no one, but there are ten thousand sounds.
Whisk·Cloud
White cloud exhibition with elm wood for the handle, wool for the silk, easy to take the material, hard and durable, because when waving sweeping, there is like white clouds in front of the unfolding and named.
Whisk·Wind
Wind sound sweep to take good wood made of handle, strong and durable, it is engraved with "brush the filth and clear the summer, the heart to wait for" eight words, not only can repel mosquitoes and dust, but also can ride on the cool and clear heart.
Whisk·Crane Wings
Immortal clouds and crane wing dust is shaped like crane wings when closed, light and powerful when waved, can make the four cool, such as a cloud from which the birth, it can be said: "hole birds fly and send welcome, soaring cranes in the light".
Whisk·Pure Yang
Pure Yang cloud exhibition nature like real fire, it is said that if the Taoist cultivation with the help of this object, it can lead Yang Qi into the body, the birth of the elixir, it is: "into the room with the opportunity to capture captured, a pill Dan point body pure Yang".
Whisk·\nHeavenly Spirit
As the poem goes, "Guard your mind to protect your vital energy, and follow the Big Dipper in your movements. The Tiangang duster has a strong positive energy and is of the nature of cinnabar earth, which can help people to keep their mind and generate the vital energy in the dantian, thus changing freely.
Whisk·\nDragon and Tiger
As the saying goes: "clouds from the dragon, the wind from the tiger". Sun, moon, dragon and tiger dust with gold and silver glow, like the sun and moon, when waved, there are clouds and wind, tiger roar dragon roar of the momentum, so named.
Whisk·Purple Ray
Purple haze waving when the rigid and flexible, stretching round, such as the sky and horses, free and easy. As the saying goes: "purple gas dive with the emperor's throne to move, the demon light dark shooting stage star demolition", the purple haze on the solemn and quiet, it is said to be the sage descending omen.
Whisk·The Ultra One
Taiyi is Taiyi, the god of purple. Legend has it that the Taiyi duster is used by this god, its silk is imperceptible, its handle is warm and moist like jade, it can transform the clear to turbidity, punch the yang and yin, hide and gather anger, ward off all evil, it can really be called the most precious of immortals.
Whisk·Three Flowers
The three flowers are the three flowers of heaven, earth and man. The three flowers treasure duster contains spiritual energy, which can help people to quit lust, the spirit and smooth, and reform the old and new, so as to be free of worries and fears, always clear and always clear, and reach the realm of the three flowers and return to the true nature.
Whisk·Zen
Quiet meditation sweep is made of green bamboo handle, linen made of silk dust, into the hand slightly cool, mostly for monks to meditate, meditate on the time used.
Whisk·Eight Trigrams
The gourd dust handle is curved like a gourd, and the connection is decorated with the eight trigrams of the Heaven and Earth, which are symbolic and auspicious, and are said to be able to resolve evil spirits.
Whisk·\nSpirit Treasure
The essence of Yang is called God, and the essence of Yin is called Spirit, as the saying goes: "A little true spiritual treasure, mixed since the return of the wind". Spiritual treasure duster can nourish the yin energy, protect the soul, so that people feel in the materialization, and in heaven and earth.
Whisk·Four Phases
The four spirits are also known as the four elephants, namely the Vermilion Bird, the Xuanwu, the White Tiger and the Green Dragon. The four elephants and the dust handle are divided into four sides, and each side is engraved with a spirit pattern, symbolizing the harmony of the four spirits and the stability of the four directions.
Whisk·Worry Free
Therefore, in order to remember that human life is short and the way is hard to find, monks often hold a duster to brush away worries. It is a gentle and rigid way to remove worries, and it can create a cool breeze to make people's worries go away.
Whisk·Perfect
The dust is pure and clean, and looks like jade from afar. It is famous for the fact that there is no gap and no leakage when the dust filaments are gathered. This dust is twisted like a whip and sharp like a sword, and when it is waved, there is the sound of rustling and shaking down the leaves.
Whisk·TaiQing
As the saying goes: "You are subtle warmth of the room, clean the filth in the Tai Qing". The handle of Tai Qing duster is as solid as the heavenly path that goes around without fail; black and white are intertwined, just like yin and yang; subtle and mysterious, so it is a Taoist treasure.
Whisk·\nFinesse Purpose
As the saying goes, "The sage sees the mystery and uses its circumstance, and the strong word is Tao". Xuanxu subtle purpose contains a variety of subtle ways, subtle and mysterious, such as out of the hands of the immortals, it is said that only people with a clear mind can master.
Whisk·Chaos
Mixed Wuji is also real and illusory, every time to swing, then the dust silk source of endless, Luo Tian net, no beginning, no end, no debt, really is: "the first judgment of the mixed elements, the two yi scenery, and return to the root, the whole origin of the spiritual platform".
Whisk·Yellow Cloud
The dust silk of the yellow cloud exhibition is woven with jute, so the color is yellowish, tough and lightweight, dust silk all unfolded when, there is like a yellow cloud blind.
Whisk·Bristle
Rinsed cotton, hemp, woven for the dust silk; take good wood for the handle, the handle head carved into the shape of a gourd, you can make a clear mane gourd dust. This dust silk is soft, open and close naturally, not only can brush away the dust, but also can be used to defend against enemies.
Whisk·\nThree Treasures
The Three Treasures and Two Rites dust is made of three different materials to symbolize the three treasures of Buddha, Dharma and Sangha, and the end of the handle is decorated with a taiji and two rites figure, which has the meaning of the unity of the three religions and the coexistence of Buddhism and Taoism.
Whisk·Palace
The treasure hall cloud exhibition is originally the abbot living in the treasure hall, for the faithful to say when holding the solemn equipment, in order to show the Buddha's majesty, often decorated with pearls, precious jade, and precious fabrics for the silk, modeling beautiful, superb.
Whisk·Longevity
As the saying goes: "holding a whisk, not a mortal". The old Taoist crane-haired, often holding a white whisk in his hand, to show that the whisk away from the dust, transcendent, the name "long life", from this.
Whisk·Roaming Void
Taixu free dust is unique in texture, windless and automatic, when waving, it can make people like entering the realm of emptiness and mystery, transcendent and independent, outstandingly away from the world, exactly: "to the gods free and swift, and do not see their appearance".
Whisk·Dragon Tail
"Cang Long hangs autumn Han, cool wind drum my dispel". According to legend, the tail of the Canglong is made of Canglong scales and feathers, about three feet long, can roll up a hurricane on the ground, with the power to add the four seas, sweeping the universe of potential.
Whisk·JiangZiYa
The dust of Taigong's whisk is soft and flexible, like a cow's tail at rest, and like a soft sword when it moves; its light is bright and clean, like Taigong's hair was white when he assisted the Zhou Dynasty. It is said that the user can be like Taigong, with wisdom and courage to break all the demonic obstacles, hence the name.
Whisk·Three Realms
According to legend, the three clear skies, that is, Yuqing, Shangqing and Taiqing, are respectively transformed by the yuan, the beginning and the three qi; the three clear skies contain three qi, which should be "the Tao gives birth to one, one gives birth to two, two gives birth to three, and three gives birth to everything", and can be regarded as the treasure of the Xuandu, the purple house of immortality.
Whisk·Roaming Sky
Cloud travel duster is commonly used by cloud travelers, can be in accordance with the old teachings of the ancestors, according to local materials, old cloth, rags, bark, wool and other things for dust silk, to show simplicity.
Whisk·XuanWu
According to legend, the Zhou people were good at using the turtle and snake as the magic ornaments to pray for blessings and avoid harm, and Xuanwu was also the god of the turtle and snake as one. The turtle and snake sweeping dust silk is soft, and the dust handle is engraved with the figure of turtle and snake, which is to pray for the protection of Xuanwu.
Whisk·Master
"The nine revolutions of the Golden Elixir are not yet done, but the simple convergence and silence of the true teacher". True Master's duster is made of grass and wood as silk, which is quiet and natural and can help one to preserve one's nature and cultivate the true path.
Whisk·Bodhisattva
The Pure World Goddess of Mercy dust is unique in texture and does not stain the dust, hence its name. It is said that if a practitioner holds this brush and chants the true words when he goes out, he can make all sentient beings eliminate their worries and relieve their sufferings.
Whisk·Immortal
Laojun dust dust silk fine, quality like gold and jade, dust handle or with ivory, rhinoceros horn, or carved from spiritual wood, exquisite decoration, precious and rare, so the name of the Taoist venerated Tai Shang Laojun.
Whisk·World
Sweeping the dust filament is long and thin, the handle is divided into black and white, to symbolize the yin and yang two qi, whenever waved, there will be a mysterious wind followed by the rise, cleaning the dust, so the praise said: "three yao bright river and sea clear, dust a sweeping the qiankun clean".
Whisk·Universe
As the saying goes: "Hunyuan transporting things, flowing not everywhere". Hunyuan dust seems to contain the qi of heaven and earth, chaos, yin and yang, the light on it is as warm and moist as gelatin, can raise the clear and suppress the turbid, transport things like flowing water, so it got its name.
Whisk·\nAncient Heritage
According to legend, Luzu often carried a sword and a duster, walking lightly and fast in the world; once because the only point of the word on the stele was not beautiful, he used the duster to brush it, and even removed its points and restored its traces, making the stele as new. Luzu whisk is surrounded by clear air, just like the immortal bones of Luzu, holding a whisk, hence the name.
Whisk·\nThe Great Mysterious
Legend has it that the immortals are so elegant and unrestrained that they travel beyond the four seas and live the same life as heaven and earth. It is called "Tai Xuan Hua Hair" because it is like the white hair of an immortal that contains spirituality and can transform all things.
Whip·Seven-sections
"Shy of making an inch break, section does not fall in vain". The seven-section whip is made of seven sections of wooden knots linked together, thrown out after breaking the air with a sound, can be angular injury.
Whip·Punishment
The punishment is to kill and humiliate the sinner, and to add to it by torture. The whip is an ancient instrument of torture, with spikes on it, can make the skin of the whipped person open, painful.
Whip·\nFlying Centipede
Flying centipede whip is more than one foot long, shaped like a centipede, is made of dozens of sections of wood joint. This whip is angular, swinging out like a hundred feet of insects rise up and hurt people, so named.
Whip·Blood Twist
Blood stranded long whip shaped like a noose, whip with blood, is made of wooden knots interspersed with hooks, seemingly soft, but can explode more powerful than ordinary wooden whip.
Whip·Raksasa
"Rakshasa, the ancient cloud Rakshasa, is the name of the violent evil ghost also. Rakshasa Sha dark black no light, blood-stained and missing, breaking the air when the potential road extremely fierce, sound like thunder, as if Rakshasa general fierce and violent evil.
Whip·Wildness
The strange and wild rope has rough texture and interlocking knots, and it is as heavy as light when sweeping, and as wild as drunk when dancing fast, just like a snake prancing on the electricity, and a ghost turning on the thunder car, which can be said to be wild and unrestrained, and the world is unique.
Whip·God of Spring
Legend has it that Jumang is the god of spring, and is the master of the month of spring. It is shaped like a young branch, flexible and light, with a hundred nodes of evergreen, and does not give up in all seasons, and seems to have the power of regeneration.
Whip·Dragon Bone
Dragon bone divine wood whip hard texture, golden light, shaped like a bone, do not fear the wind and rain, when wielding the vast soup, unstoppable, such as a divine dragon, the waves get clouds.
Whip·\nMysterious Snake
Xuan snake rope black as ink, solid and powerful, wielding the whip when the shadow of the sky, not see the head and tail, the wind rolls, breaking the air like thunder, as if the legendary giant snake living in the south of the black water is generally fierce and horrible.
Whip·Bamboo
The bamboo knotted rope is woven with bamboo strips, flexible and strong when waving, the wind sound faint, but often cracked when too dry.
Whip·Thorns
Thorny soft whip is made of mountain shrubs, with countless small thorns, when waved out like a sharp blade cutting people's skin, often can make people scaly body.
Whip·Python
Python is vicious, good at strangulation. Green python whip joints are flexible, the texture is verdant, when the enemy is injured, the whip body can be wounded and bound to the enemy, absolutely similar to the green python.
Whip·Chains
The resultant wood into a ring, linked into a whip, section to a hundred, then into a chain of a hundred whips. This whip is only one section long and short when closed, once waved and thrown out, it can be rolled with strong wind, destroying the enemy.
Whip·Ghost Bat
Ghost bat black rope body black, decorated with bat wings, its shape is bizarre, its potential is horrifying, when wielding the whip there are like bats bright teeth, ghosts demanding life, hence the name.
Whip·Shadow
As the shadow follows the line is more slender than ordinary soft whip, although it is made of spirit wood, but the whip without a trace of splicing, its quality is light, not easy to detect, and the enemy can follow the shadow, not leaving an inch.
Whip·Peach Fairy
Although the peach fairy rope is made of bamboo and wood, but clear and beautiful, the quality of white brocade without patterns, jade tree Qiongba, color such as rotten silver haze, unique, as if the peach fairy left on earth.
Whip·Dragon Trapped
The whip is strong and rigid, with the power to lift the sun and the moon, it is said that it is used by the dragon, non-spiritual wood can not be made, can break the scales of the dragon, hurt the bones of the dragon, the dragon will be horrified and flee if they see it.
Whip·\nSpider Bollworm
Green spider purple borer color such as fireflies, light texture, the force gathered a little, the collection and release freely, both like the green spider spitting out the silk threads are weird and difficult to entangle, but also like the wings of the purple borer is not easy to detect.
Whip·Tiger Skin
The tiger skin knitted into a rope, it becomes a long tiger skin whip. This whip is strong and durable, the pattern is hidden, both the remaining power of the tiger, but also easy to carry.
Whip·Purple Tip
Purple whip luster bright, the tip of the whip with purple, its quality is soft and strong, although the whip is not often bleeding, but the body will leave a trail of bruises.
Whip·Beast King
The Beast King Whip is a complex, rigid and flexible whip that breaks the air with the sound of the wind, just like the roar of the Beast King, and attacks the enemy with it, making the whip's hands and feet numb and losing all their strength.
Whip·Nine Hordes
"The land of the nine barbarians is connected to Chu in the south". Nine yi long whip is light and agile, extremely handy, when filled with qi can be straight as a sword, originally used by the people of nine yi.
Whip·Ghost Roar
Ghost Roar Whip is green and black, bizarre in appearance, swinging sound breaking the air, such as the roar of evil spirits, according to legend is the hell of the underworld to punish the evil spirits of things.
Whip·Golden Wrapped
The white scene is the sun. The white gold rope is clear and distinct, with the white sun, and the shadow of the rope sweeps across the sky, because the inner gold light into a line, such as a gold wire wrapped and named.
Whip·\nPhoenix Feathers
Feng Ling divine fire whip color red, decorated with phoenix feathers, it is said to be able to burn all evil spirits, so that sinners repent of their past mistakes, so named. This whip spirit light like flame, and at all times, the person often feel hot, like a blazing fire burning.
Whip·Golden Snake
"Lightning strikes the golden snake a thousand zhang, thunder frightens the dust world ten thousand miles". Golden snake whip golden light, whip power like thunder, when it is wielded, common lightning thousands of feet with the whip and go, the sound of thunder ten thousand miles roar and come, so that the whip is like being punished by lightning, the body is intact.
Whip·Golden Cicada
The golden cicada rope contains golden light, clear texture, is to take the golden cicada shed feathers woven, suddenly and suddenly and away, although the shape is visible, the force is not a, like a golden cicada out of the shell, agile, often people do not know how to defend against.
Whip·Yellow Candle
The wax tip yellow whip is a long whip made of woven jute silk, soaked in grease, its quality is tough and durable, and can be used to light a fire when necessary.
Whip·Dusty
"The willow by the water curved dust silk, immediately bothered the gentleman to fold a branch". Curved dust rope color light yellow, like curved dust, whip shadow like willow, beautiful and moving.
Whip·Flower Skin
Flower clothes rope to rope for the body, cut flowers for the clothes, long and far, sound can be amazing, when waving as if the sky is suddenly falling flowers, fragrance full sleeves, a long time.
Whip·Rainbow
Long rainbow rope five colors together, overflowing colors, like a sky bridge, stretching for thousands of miles, the whip out when the boldness of dry clouds, the sound can penetrate the air, can be said: "Xiang Yun column dawn formation, kill the air Her long rainbow".
Whip·Dragon Tip
The handle of the wrong gold dragon tip whip is made of wrong gold process, the tip of the whip gold wire bundle, Ling Li Qing floating, is the full whip of qi, when wielded like a real dragon sweeping the tail, the gods are powerful, quite aspirational.
Whip·Fireworks
"fire tree silver flowers together, star bridge iron lock open". The fire tree silver flower is woven with gold and silver silk thread, the whip body golden light flowing, the tip of the whip brilliant as silver, waving like nine strangers even lights, shining into the night into white, often make the viewer flowing intoxicated, do not know where it came from.
Whip·Sky Emperor
According to legend, the Five Heavenly Emperors dominate the five directions and are of immense dignity. The Five Heavenly Emperors' ropes are made of spiritual wood and are engraved with all the five elements of the mountains and rivers, which can make the enemies retreat by the power of the God of the Five Directions and have no escape.
Whip·Mist
Misty fantasy Qiong rope cloud entwined, jade-like texture, it is said that the weaving method is taught by the immortals on the clouds, when waved can lead eight cloud, enveloping heaven and earth, so that people fall into a fantasy scene, forget the mortal world.
Whip·Sky Silkworm
Heavenly silkworm silk is woven from the sky, light as nothing, indestructible, water and fire, axe not broken, its quality is like the sunset gas clear, night islet moon bright, can be said: "colored with cold ice, nothing is separated from the dust".
firm angle
The horns of the animal.
iron forehead
The forehead of the animal.
Sharp claws
The sharp claws of the animal.
Iron Hoof
The animal's hoof.
Tine
The animal's teeth.
poisonous tooth
Hooked beak
The beak of the animal's mouth.
Iron Tail
The tail of the animal.
FuYu Sword
The long sword, which is simple in shape and not made of gold or iron, is named Fuyu because the characters "Fuyu" and "Yu" are engraved in seal script on both sides of the hilt.
Weaving of Mo Nyu - Su Xin
The shape of simple, light texture of the divine weapon, a thousand years to grow an inch of strange iron "cicada shell" cast. \n this divine weapon clear gas dense, light flowing, waving when calling sound, as if in the forest with the birds singing together.
Voodoo Iron-Breaking God
The shape of the wide body, the texture of the heavy divine weapon, to the Great Yue Yao Chang after the feathered bones condensed into the "Zhen Jie Fu Evil Stone" cast. \n this divine weapon through the gods, even if not moving, but also has the power to break the sky and cut the gods.
Great Xuan Neng-Snow Leads
The shape is strange, like the ice cone of the divine weapon, to nine cold mountain under the fear of the true fire of the sun "xuan ice essence" made. \nThis divine weapon strange cold overlay, sharp very sharp, but also can make ice to lead snow, spirit change magic.
Phoenix Cocoon - Jade Tongue
The shape of gorgeous, five colors and the appearance of the divine weapon, regardless of the damage, a bright light will be restored as the first "golden cocoon" refined. \n This divine weapon is shaped like a phoenix tongue, divided like a phoenix beak, can make the sound of the phoenix cry.
Burning God Refinement - Burning Blood
Attached to the palm of the hand, like a flowing fire of the divine weapon, to the Qingqiu burning God Mountain born of "living fire" refining. \n this divine weapon issued by the fire, bright red like blood, absolutely difficult to extinguish, is to sentient as firewood, burning merciless ashes of death.
Unlocking the Dragon's Soul - Swallowing the Spirit
Like a dragon's tail, non-iron, non-stone divine weapon, the broken tail of the god of Mount Zhong "candle yin" to condense the soul of a hundred dragons changed into. \n This divine weapon shape and spirit of uncertainty, extremely difficult to hold, when wielding rumbling sound, as if a hungry dragon just waiting to hunt.
Dissolved Dust Hidden - Heartless
The invisible, blood and spirit of the divine weapon, to be supported by the three Jian Mu, resting soil, human spirit and the birth of the "living jade" change into. \nThis divine weapon is sometimes hidden, not to be inquired, difficult to detect, and no trace of coming and going can be followed.
Demon Wood - Fierce Devouring
The shape of the horrific, vicious and terrifying divine weapons, stained with Chi You's blood and the birth of the "Xue Feng wood" to build. \n This divine weapon is very strong, devouring life is long, the power issued by the non-god non-ghost, is not subject to the heaven and earth of the most fierce Qi.
Ghost God Xia - Human Order
Shaped like a token, sometimes obscure, sometimes bright divine weapons, the god of the fusion of yin and yang to get the shape of the Kunlun Mountain, and then injected a nameless divine force to become. \nThis divine weapon has a dryness inside, collecting three thousand people and twelve golden immortals.
Fuyu Sword - Hidden Ghost
The shape of the ancient, non-gold, non-iron long sword, because on both sides of the hilt in seal script engraved with the word "Foo", "Yu", so the name Foo Yu. \nThis sword is infected by the evil force, the sword body has been dull, when sitting with a sound, as if human speech.
Yumo Fuhua - Killing Pistil
Soft outside and rigid inside, shaped like a delicate flower divine weapon, by the emperor Zhaoyu Fuhua transformed into. \n this divine weapon color magnificent, a thousand delicate, when wielding, there are more brilliant flow of light with the momentum and out, all like a group of flowers broken pistil.
Purple Bamboo Spirit - Transformation Spirit
The divine weapon, shaped like a bamboo branch, is formed by the spirit of purple bamboo. \nThis divine weapon is different from ordinary grass, there is a spiritual light inside, not the most good thing can not breed, it does not borrow water and soil, not by sunlight, a thousand years will not wither.
Weaving of Mo Nyu - Moisten the Poison
The shape is simple, light texture of the divine weapon, with a thousand years to grow an inch of strange iron "cicada shell" cast. \n this divine weapon obscene dark, rusty, when wielding poisonous gas overflowing, as if immersed in a pool of poison has been years deep.
Voodoo Iron - Exterminating Ghosts
Shape wide body, heavy texture of the divine weapon, to the great Yue Yao Chang after the feathering of the bones condensed from the "Zhen Jie Fu evil stone" cast. \n this divine weapon although blunt no sharpness, but the potential sinking force fierce, the sword wind refers to, ghosts and monsters are invincible.
Great Xuan Ning - Ice Erosion
The shape is strange, as the ice cone of the divine weapon, to the nine cold mountain under the fear of the true fire of the sun "Xuan ice essence" made. \n This divine weapon sometimes into ice, sometimes into water, strange shape, shape as you wish, change unpredictably.
Phoenix Cocoon - Blazing Claw
The shape of gorgeous, five colors and now the divine weapon, no matter what damage, a bright light can be restored as the first "gold cocoon" refined. \nThis divine weapon can be changed into a thousand threads, into a gold and red curved claws, leading to bone-chilling heat waves.
Burning God Refining - Tears of Exhaustion
The divine weapon attached to the palm of the hand, like a flowing fire, with the "living fire" born on the Qingqiu Burning God Mountain refined. \n This divine weapon looks like a flame shaped like a fox, wrapped around the hand, the more the spirit fire, the more the hand is emaciated.
Unlocking the Dragon's Soul - Awareness of Dwelling
It is a divine weapon shaped like a dragon's tail, not iron or stone, and is made of the broken tail of the god of Mount Zhong, "Candle Yin", which has been transformed into the soul of a hundred dragons. \n This divine weapon can understand human language, can understand the human will, can relieve people's worries and confusion, stabilize the mind.
Dissolved Dust Hidden-Soul-less
The invisible divine weapon with blood and spirit is transformed by the "living jade" that is fed by the three, namely, Jianmu, Hibiscus and human spirit. \nThis divine weapon is sometimes good and sometimes evil, I don't know where its evil comes from, I don't know where its good comes from, there is no original and no blame.
Prisoner of the Devil Wood - Bloodbath
The shape of the horrific, vicious and terrifying divine weapons, stained with the blood of Chi You and born of "Xue Feng wood" to build. \n this divine weapon to see blood is strong, the more you fight, the more powerful, every swing, you can see the rain of blood fall to the ground, hear the roar of ten thousand troops.
Ghost God Xia - Earth Order
Shaped like a token, sometimes obscure, sometimes bright divine weapons, the god of the fusion of yin and yang to get the shape of the Kunlun Mountain, and then injected a nameless divine force to become. \nThis divine weapon has a heaven and earth inside, receiving three thousand mountains, four poles and four seas.
Fuyu Sword-Wielding Demon
The shape of the ancient, non-gold non-iron long sword, because on both sides of the hilt in seal script engraved with the word "Foo", "Yu", so the name Foo Yu. \nThis sword is infested with evil forces, the sword body black gas rushing, waving like a hundred ghosts whistling, the group of demons lament.
Yosefu Flower - Red Cloth
Soft outside and rigid inside, shaped like a delicate flower divine weapon, by the emperor Zhaoyu Porghua transformed into shape. \n this divine weapon bright red eye-catching, magnificent million square, when dancing, such as the sky red clouds fall to the ground, as if a hundred flowers in full bloom.
Purple Bamboo Spirit - Raw Wisdom
This divine weapon is born in nature, shaped like a bamboo branch, and is formed by the spirit of purple bamboo. \nThis divine weapon can see the earthly world, can understand the human heart, can grieve the sorrow of all things in the world, can rejoice in the joy of all things in the world, is heavy with love and righteousness, and has an orchid heart.
Weaving of Mo Nyu - Lingqi
The shape of the simple, light texture of the divine weapon, with a thousand years to grow an inch of strange iron "cicada shell" cast. \nThis divine weapon clear Shu bright, clear and blue, when waving a cold sound, can attract the birds in the mountains and forests hovering not.
Fuzzy Iron - Beheading Demons
The shape of the wide body, the texture of the heavy divine weapons, to the great Yue Yao Chang after the feathering of the corpse bones condensed into the "Zhen Jie Fu evil stone" cast. \n this divine weapon without blade, but like a mountain like a mountain, the wind and thunder difficult to shake, demons and beasts heard of all fled in fear.
Great Xuan Ning - Frost v.
The shape is strange, as the ice cone of the divine weapon, to nine cold mountain under the fear of the true fire of the sun "Xuan ice essence" made. \n this divine weapon condensed ice forming, can be used as a musical instrument, if playing a lament, the sound of its arrival, all the frost and snow, all things mourn.
Phoenix Cocoon-Golden Plume
The shape of gorgeous, five colors and now the divine weapon, no matter what damage, a bright light can be restored as the first "gold cocoon" refining and made. \n This divine weapon can be like a phoenix feathers spread, can fly by light, instantly a thousand miles.
Burning God Refining - Remnants of Sound
Attached to the palm of the hand, like the flow of fire of the divine weapon, to the Qingqiu burning God Mountain born "living fire" refining. \nThis divine weapon is invisible and massless, but can be in an ear-splitting burning sound in a sky of fire, see the sorrow, smell the desire to die.
Solving the Dragon's Soul - Same Dust
Like a dragon's tail, non-iron and non-stone divine weapon, the broken tail of the god of Mount Zhong, "Candle Yin", has been transformed into the soul of a hundred dragons. \nThis divine weapon does not show light, like dead wood, but and light and dust, no life and no death, hold it without fear of life and death.
Dissolved Dust Hidden - No Sword
The invisible, blood and spirit of the divine weapon, to be fed by the three Jianmu, resting soil, human spirit and the "living jade" change into. \nThis divine weapon is sometimes absent, ghostly, seemingly harmless, but actually sharp, blood to kill.
Prisoner of the Devil Wood - Extermination
The shape of the horrific, vicious and horrible divine weapons, stained with the blood of Chi You and born of "Xue Feng wood" to build. \n This divine weapon has experienced thousands of vicious battles, the battle spirit never diminished, if not to kill and kill, but to lose the light.
Ghost God Xia - Heavenly Order
Shaped like a token, sometimes obscure and sometimes bright divine weapons, the god of the fusion of yin and yang to get the shape of the Kunlun Mountain, and then injected a nameless divine force to become. \nThis divine weapon has a dryness inside, the collection of three thousand clouds, the correct law five thunder.
Fuyu Sword - God of Use
The shape of the ancient, non-golden, non-iron long sword, because on both sides of the hilt in seal script engraved with the word "Fu", "Yu", so the name Fu Yu. \nThis sword is infected by the evil force, the blade is bright and indefinite, as if there is a white and a mysterious two things, leading to the clear air of the sky, the darkness of the earth to cross each other.
Language Porphyra - Danxin
Soft outside and rigid inside, shaped like a delicate flower divine weapon, by the emperor Zhaoyu Fuhua transformed into shape. \n this divine weapon light dazzling, shining four fields, a slight intention to move, it can be seen red haze through the sky, chaotic red winding ground, not all the world's fragrance comparable.
Purple Bamboo Spirit - Life Making
The divine weapon, which is shaped like a bamboo branch, is formed by the spirit of purple bamboo. \nThis divine weapon has been transformed into a spirit in heaven and earth for 900 years, and has been born with wisdom in the mortal world for 490 years, and has been given a life for 81 years because of love.
One Sword - Soluble Dust Hidden
Jade live ...... Jade live ...... took my life in the past, today destroy my enemy ......
Two swords - Weaving of Mo Nyu
Divine iron can not be named, the phase of suspicion of the disaster itself, the goddess returned the sword to, dirty clothes also ice clear ......
Three Swords - Voodoo Iron
The heavy sword is ...... finally ...... no work ......
Four-Five Swords
The world's greatest disaster to save the world's people, the world's greatest blessing for the world's prisoners ......
Six - Seven - Eight Swords
The devil is greedy for ten thousand worldly achievements, the foolish man seeks unsuccessful, deep love becomes angry ......
Nine Swords - Ghost God Xia
Ten thousand years, how to repay ...... nothing to repay, die to repay ......
Heart Curtain
The Curtain of Separate Hearts ......
Heavenly Curtain
The Curtain of Shade ......
Shout
Shouts loudly by enhancing your throat with qi.
Spirit Serpent's Iron Forehead
Forehead of a spirit serpent.
Spirit Serpent's Fang
A tooth of a spirit serpent.
Spirit Serpent's Thorns
Thorns of a spirit serpent.
Spirit Serpent's Tail
Tail of a spirit serpent.
